The outline I obtained from the author
Thanks again to the author for making such a good extension

PLOT SUMMURY:
Act 1: Cypher's regular day, simple missions, only decision is - capture or leave Repulse. Omicron attacks Cypher making him outlaw
Act 2: Cypher now uses nickname Vortex. He is searching for Omicron and that leads towards Jester or Repulse (depends on the decision in the first act). Both of them asking to ruin someone's life in exchange for NetMap fix. Player can either complete the mission or find a secret branch and unlock the map himself and then outplay Jester/Repulse, by turning them in to the cops (there is also a Scum path - if you fixed the map but decided to ruin person's live anyway). After that, player integrates in NightHawks.
Inside NightHawks Vortex completes a set of contracts. On one of them he contacts Clara but she is not sure if she should help the protagonist. Then Hospital mission comes in. Player could either complete it or find a secret branch by finding a client and contacting Clara, preventing that terrorist attack (Scum path is also available).
Act 3: After that mission Omicron appears and reveals Cypher's true identity and giving player a choice - help NightHawks or Clara. After that decision, player hacks EnTech with his partner and getting tools to fight Omicron. But then he throws another tough decision.
Player either saves Clara or getting Omicron PC link (or failing that sequence at all). Then player gets 1 of the 4 different endings - depending on Karma and choices. Read dialogs, you will get the idea what is happening.

You could also play the endings yourself - just set starting mission to these ones (use force complete and debug commands if needed):
1) Missions/Act 2/Mission 10/ClaraEnd.xml - Worst ending - simply fail DECIDE (or get Omicron's location file and have below 5 Veng Karma points)
2) Missions/Act 2/Mission 10/NHEnd.xml - Vengeance ending - get Omicron's location file and have over 5 Veng Karma points (Edit Vengence.xml Faction file and set playerVal to 5 for example)
3) Missions/Act 2/Mission 10/NHEnd.xml - Neutral ending - save Clara and have below 4 Just Karma points (Edit Justice.xml Faction file and set playerVal to 0)
4) Missions/Act 2/Mission 10/ClaraEnd.xml - Happy ending - save Clara and have over 4 Just Karma points (Edit Justice.xml Faction file and set playerVal to 4 for example)


CONTENTS (BY LINE):

23 - DIALOGS
2236 - MISSIONS: DESCRIPTIONS AND DIARIES
2943 - NODES AND THEIR CONTENTS
3865 - OTHER
 
 
 DIALOGS
 ===Act 1===
 
 ---Intro---
 
 Clara: I swear, if this thing won't work properly, I will forkbomb it's entire family!
 Javis: Well, she's gone mad again...
 Bloyd: You know that this server doesn't have a family, right Clara?
 Bloyd: I am getting worried for your mental health
 Clara: SHUT UP BLOYD, will you? ;-)
 Javis: Even if his jokes are unfunny, you still committed an act of crime, by threatening to this server's family (Even if it is not existing)
 Clara: Shut up both of you, stupid pranksters
 !ANNOUNCEMENT! CYPHER MENDES (a.k.a #PLAYERNAME#) CONNECTED TO THE SERVER @channel
 Clara: Finally!
 Clara: Good morning Captain!
 Javis: Morning Captain
 Bloyd: Good morning Captain Mendes
 PLAYER: Good morning to my never arguing team
 PLAYER: What did I miss?
 Clara: We had a few reports of cybervandalism, some hacktivism activity and a stolen data. The usual stuff, no big fish yet
 PLAYER: Alright, what are we waiting for? I am taking one of them, Clara and Javis will help me
 PLAYER: Bloyd, I have some document filing routine, I will be glad if you can back me up on that one
 Bloyd: Yes sir!
 Bloyd: All 3 reports that Clara mentioned are attached to the Mission Hub on this server
 PLAYER: Alright, chop-chop!
 -Start of the Mission 1-
 Clara: @channel, I uploaded our cracks and other important files to our Asset server, but don't worry, I have sent a copy of them to your workstations already
 Javis: Holy shit, that's a LOT of the illegitimate software we took from bad guys lately!
 Clara: If you lost some of your tools, you can access them at the Asset server, but you know that you will be fined at a round summ of $ if that's gonna happen, so watch your backs, and don't use that programs against innocent civilians
 Javis: We are cops, not criminals. You got it, Corala ;)
 Clara: Don't ever call me that, I don't get your stupid jokes, okay madlad?
 Javis: HeHeHeH
 Clara: @channel Don't forget that you now have cracks to most of the ports, as well as NetmapOrganizer, MemDumpGenerator with MemForensics in a pair, SignalScramble and other useful stuff, check your workstation's /bin folder for details!
 
 ---After Mission 1---
 Clara: @#PLAYERNAME# Great job Captain, we dealt with the other two as well
 Javis: Got them pretty fast. Our tech guys will analize netcfgx.dll files of these fools and we will get all kind of information about their online activity
 Javis: And even their physical location of last Internet connection!
 PLAYER: Is this possible by just 1 analysis of a single file?
 Clara: It is, but with help of all ISPs of California and one special benefactor
 PLAYER: Benefactor? And who would be that?
 Clara: EnTech company
 Clara: They got government support recently and provided their High-End programs to different Police Departments of USA
 Javis: Including EnSec and Hacknet_OS, that we are using right now
 Javis: So that we can be more effective against hackers, and they couldn't fight back easily as well
 Javis: It even protects our infrastructure if someone of us gone rogue, for some reason
 PLAYER: Well, this OS is really promissing, but it can cause a lot of damage to anyone who is not protected with EnSec
 PLAYER: Kind of monopolistic, isn't it?
 Clara: Yeah, but if they passed all antitrust commissions  somehow, that means their actions are within antitrust law
 Javis: I think all we need to know, is that we don't let the bad guys having this stuff and making sure nobody is using this software against non-crimuinal elements
 Clara: Agreed
 PLAYER: Let's then focus on our job now
 Bloyd: Captain, I have done the document filing and I have a new report
 PLAYER: What is it?
 Bloyd: Someone attacked San-Francisco's Medical Archive server!
 PLAYER: Okay boys and a girl, we have some work to do!
 Bloyd: @channel I uploaded report to the server
 -During Mission 2-
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain! My tracker signaled me, that there is a new file on the Gateway of that Daedra hacker!
 Clara: Hope that will help us to get inside that mail server, because I am having problems breaking in
 Bloyd: Same problem
 Clara: @channel Goddamn it, there is a whitelist there
 Javis: Ah fuck. What should we do?
 Clara: Well we need to access the whitelist server, so we can access the list of IPs
 Clara: But one of the ports is uncrackable for us
 Clara: I have an idea how to find out an admin password, but this would reset the IPs list
 Javis: So we can get in, but we will lose the IP of the second hacker?
 Clara: Exactly
 Javis: I'll try to find him, have to contact FBI, they will help to find him. At least we know his nickname and first name
 Clara: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, send the IP of that whitelisted node (Daedra's PC) through our Mission Hub, so I can send it to the tech guys and they will work their magic
 Clara: Got it, let's wait a little, and most probably we can get admin access to the whitelist server
 Javis: How is that possible?
 Clara: I recognize that particular whitelist program, it has a few vulnerabilities
 Javis: Interesting
 Clara: Yep, it worked, the admin password is "EternalFriendship"
 Clara: Oh how lovely for a criminal
 -Mission 3, basically a part of Mission 2-
 Bloyd: @channel Guys, this netcfgx.dll_FIXED is kinda suspicious
 Javis: I've got scanner for netcfgx.dll fast check, and I can see that this one is empty!
 Clara: Shit, he retransmitting all network system data to another dll file
 Bloyd: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, try to look around his servers and computers again, there is supposed to be some clue
 Clara: Yeah, basically this file is swapped with some other computer
 Clara: So you just have to extract netcfgx.dll of a retransmitting computer and upload it to the Asset server's upload module
 Bloyd: @channel I'll send a reminder now
 Bloyd: !ATTACHMENT:note#%#GOALS UPDATE#%#FIND correct netcfgx.dll and UPLOAD it to the ASSET server's upload dropbox
 
 ---After Mission 3---
 Clara: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, we analyzed  that netcfgx.dll you've sent now, and that's it, he is living in the north part of city, enforcers are on their way already
 PLAYER: Nice job everyone!
 PLAYER: If I remember correctly, we supposed to have a conference with the FBI representatives
 Bloyd: That's right sir!
 Javis: But we still have an unfinished business with that second hacker - Repulse
 Javis: He didn't participate in the attack, but still a partaker of a crime
 Javis: Of course we could move on to the conference and leave him be, most probably guys from enforcer team will get everything about him from Daedra's place
 Javis: But this is your call, Captain
 Clara: So what should we do, boss?
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, I attatched a report of what we have on Repulse to the Mission Hub, if you are still interested
 
 ---Mission 4 (Repulse)---
 Daedra: I am going in
 Repulse: Good luck dude
 Daedra: Sent it on our filedrop server
 Repulse: We got the money
 Daedra: OH FUCK
 Daedra: OH SHIT
 Daedra: OH FUCKING SHIT
 Repulse: What is happening???
 Daedra: SOMEONE GOT INSIDE MY SYSTEM, HOMEBASE DLL ARE FUCKING STOPPED RETRANSMITTING
 Repulse: Wow, fuck dude, this is sick
 Daedra: FUCK YOU DUDE, THIS IS YOUR FAULT
 Daedra: YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE WHO KNEW PASSWORD!
 Repulse: Umm, are you out of your fucking MIND?
 Daedra: I am not, you ratty piece if shit, so if they got me, they gonna find you
 Daedra: Mr.Repulse, who apparently is a SNITCH
 Repulse: Shut up man, I have nothing to do with it!
 Daedra: Well, then let me tell to the whole Internet, that your beloved shitdripping cat Margolis is your password to all accounts :)
 Daedra: Even your fucking dynamic mail account is just Repulse+Margolis, LOL
 Repulse: YOU ARE CRAZY PARANOID FUCKER ROBERT, I AM OUT, TAKE THE FUCKING MONEY TO YOURSELF
 
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Great job Cap, now we finally can close this case
 
 ---Mission 5---
 Clara: @channel Everybody is ready for the conference?
 Bloyd: Yes, I think everything is set
 Javis: Yeah, so, who is going to speak to our squad exactly?
 Clara: FBI special agent Gale and EnTech digital security assistant Diana
 Javis: Interesting company we have here
 Clara: Ok, they going to connect in 5...
 Clara: 4...
 Clara: 3...
 Clara: 2...
 Clara: 1...
 Gale: !ANNOUNCEMENT! GALE MAUER CONNECTED TO THE SERVER @channel
 Diana: !ANNOUNCEMENT! DIANA FRASER CONNECTED TO THE SERVER @channel
 Gale: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, my name is Gale Mauer, special agent of Federal Bureau of Investigation
 Gale: I am with the representative of the EnTech company Diana, and I am assigning her to your squad as your assistant in the next mission
 Diana: Hello everyone
 Gale: But we will get back to it a bit later. We heard about Medical Archive attack. Did you apprehend the hacker who is responsible for that attack?
 Javis: Yes sir, his name is Daedra, he planned this attack together with his partner-in-crime hacker Repulse, they had a contract from a certain client to steal Olivia Brooks' Med File
 Gale: Any info on the Client?
 PLAYER: Bloyd?
 Bloyd: Her name is Sandra Brooks, sister of Olivia, her intentions are unknown, we will get everything from her after interrigation with detectives
 Gale: Well if that's not a terrorist attack then nothing serious for my division
 Gale: As I said, I have assignment for your squad
 Gale: There was a digital break-in last night on one of our secured servers
 Gale: They seem to have acquired an SSL breaker tool, so they passed our security and stolen some confidential data, leaving no tracks at all, even disconnect logs
 Diana: They are working as a professional team, using sequencer tool for a team hack, and forkbomb for invisible disconnection after clearing logs
 Gale: Right, but a few hours ago we detected a disconnection log on one of the servers and most probably this is their gateway
 Gale: I want you to turn their infrastructure upside down and get me their detailed information, location, everything
 PLAYER: Roger that sir, we will do our best!
 Gale: Good luck to you ladies and gentlemen, and remember that Ms. Diana will provide any kind of help
 PLAYER: Good bye sir!
 Clara: Good luck sir!
 Bloyd: Bye sir!
 Javis: Good bye sir!
 Gale: !ANNOUNCEMENT! GALE MOWER DISCONNECTED FROM THE SERVER @channel
 Clara: @channel CONFERENCE IS OVER!
 PLAYER: Well team, I think it is time to start digging
 Diana: @channel I uploaded an incident report to your mission hub
 
 Clara: @channel So there is three hackers we are looking for
 Javis: Ok, so we are going to find 3 battlestations, got it
 
 Clara: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, you gained access to the battlestation of the first hacker!
 Clara: Send his netcfgx.dll to our Asset server upload module and then we need to find other two
 
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Oof, that one had a tight security, nicely done Cap, let's get his netcfgx.dll
 
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Great job Cap, we got the second one
 Clara: Only one bastard left
 Bloyd: @channel I am detecting mobile data transmission on Fluffy's battlestation, worth checking out with an eOs scanner
 
 Clara: @channel What the fuck is this? This guy has EnSec?
 Diana: Seems so
 Clara: So, Ms. EnTech representative, how can you explain this?
 Diana: It only could be a hijacked early build. In that case, I can help a little
 Clara: How?
 Diana: I can scan his network and make a copy node with the same network map
 Diana: Here you go "1.1.1.1" . Simply gain admin access and scan the node, maybe you can find new entry point
 
 Clara: @channel We are through, there is only one file here that hasn't been deleted
 Clara: @channel Oh my fucking god..
 Clara: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, this is...
 Javis: This is drug trafic evidence!
 Clara: FBI would be really intrested in this now
 Javis: @#PLAYERNAME# Captain, get the evidence on our Asset server!
 
 ---Omicron Attacks---
 
 GREETINGS CAPTAIN MENDES
 
 SORRY TO DISTURB YOU
 BUT I HAVE TO ASK YOU TO STOP
 
 THIS
 
 INVESTIGA...
 
 
 can you hear me?
 
 umm..
 you hear me?
 
 well, that's anticlimactic...
 
 let me fix this
 
 
 Omicron:
 
 Greetings Captain Mendes
 Sorry to disturb you
 But I have to ask you to stop this investigation
 I can see you found my little secret
 That wasn't supposed to happen
 And my employers are very disappointed with this situation
 Sooo I came up with a little plan
 You see? You think that you won
 That you got the evidence of a drug trafic
 But my, oh my, wouldn't you be surprised?
 This file has a little script for your workstation
 Your IP is ALL OVER our infrastructure of a drug-traficing platform
 And your FBI buddies, which right now digging deeper to find us
 Would be really surprised
 That Cypher Mendes, The Captain of San-Francisco CyberPolice Department
 Is a fucking druglord's personal assistant
 Wouldn't that be funny?
 But hey, nothing personal
 Only business
 My employers want you out of the game
 So I did that right now
 But I wonder... What are you capable of in such extreme situation?
 Let me give you a second chance and let you to change IP
 Sounds good?
 
 ---Attack finale, end of Act 1---
 Omicron:
 
 Nicely done Captain
 You won a few days of freedom
 But having you around is not in by best interests
 So let me take your tools and close your digital eyes
 
 That's better
 I hope you've learned a valueble lesson
 A wrong man in a wrong place can lose everything in 1 second
 THAT what is happened to YOU
 Farewell, Cypher...
 
 
 ===Act 2===
 ---Jester's path---
 Vortex: !ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX CONNECTED TO THE CHAT @channel
 Jester: Greetings mysterious kid-troll, good to have you here
 Jester: I suppose you are vacant and looking for some job?
 Vortex: Something like that
 Vortex: I have been attacked and now I am trying to recover, find some tools and hunt down that cocksucker, so I can make sure nobody else is going to suffer from him
 Jester: How hard have you been hitted?
 Vortex: I barely have any tools, my node NetMap is corrupted and unusable right now
 Jester: What OS are you using?
 Vortex: Hacknet_OS, bet you are not familiar with it, supposed to be police-exclusive, but I had some experience with cops and know how to get their stuff time to time
 Vortex: At least before I was crippled by some powerful nutjob
 Jester: A lot of hacker groups that I know are already using Hacknet
 Jester: Did you get it way before? Like a few months back?
 Vortex: Yeah, cops didn't know that I was inside their systems, used accounts of some fat guy Paul, a clerk in CyberPolice
 Jester: Wow, nice moves man, fuck'em
 Jester: I see that you gained access, but I can't see any logs
 Jester: Are you using some tools for that? Maybe share? ;)
 Vortex: It's already in the system, Hacknet exclusive
 Jester: Dude, I am using Hacknet right now, I don't have anything like that
 Vortex: Dunno, I read instructions from that clerk's emails
 Vortex: It said that police copies have that log-disguising function
 Jester: How could you operate so close with cops, get police copy of OS way before everyone got regular Hacknet on deepweb, and get fucked from someone, so that you lost your tools and map?
 Vortex: There is always bigger fish, don't ever get cocky
 Jester: Hmm, it's still suspicious to me that you got all that police-exclusive tools, how can I be sure that you are not undercover pig?
 Vortex: How many undercover pigs go to the script kiddies message boards and troll them?
 Vortex: Or you think that I am undercover federal and was looking for some dangerous cool criminals on that board?
 Jester: Fine, sounds reasonable
 Vortex: So can you help me to recover?
 Jester: Well at least I can help you with the map
 Vortex: Really?
 Jester: Not free of course
 Jester: Need something done first
 Jester: Interested?
 Vortex: Depends on what you want me to do
 Jester: Don't worry, nothing serious, I need to ruin a life of one guy
 Vortex: Sounds like a fucking serious matter if you ask me
 Jester: I'll do the main part, you just have to poke around and find some dirt I can use
 Jester: Or make him dirty in some way
 Vortex: Who is he?
 Jester: He is a cop
 Jester: Not big one, few years back got promoted to detective, was a patrolman before
 Jester: My detention made him a noble cop of a neighborhood
 Jester: Packed me up because of a gun selling activity
 Jester: My partners thought that I gonna snitch on them and tried to cut my throat, unsuccessful though
 Jester: Not to mention a couple of violent faggots who tried to taste my ass
 Jester: I was nearly raped and killed, while this pig basked in the glory of all local newspapers and other folks
 Jester: A man in your position should understand how that need of revenge feels
 Jester: See? We both have same goal
 Jester: Help me to revenge this ass-licker and I help you to revenge that cocksucker you are talking about
 Jester: Sounds good?
 Vortex: ...
 Jester: To show that I really can fix your problem, go here "192.94.82.50" and download a .bat file
 
 Jester: !ANNOUNCEMENT! LOCKDOWN SCRIPT ENGAGED @channel
 Jester: See? wasn't bluffing
 Jester: But still I must have some bargaining chip
 Jester: You have to get second part of the Fix to unlock your map
 Jester: And of course I am more than happy to provide it to you
 Vortex: But only if I complete your job
 Jester: Exactly
 Vortex: I'll see what I can do
 Jester: Great, I have a few ideas where to dig:
 Jester: 1) I want his Med File, hope that there is gonna be something interesting
 Jester: 2) I want his degrees wiped off. So he can be portrayed as an illegitimately-hired person
 Jester: I'll take the rest, have some contacts around mass media
 Jester: Well technically not me, a group that I am in
 Vortex: You have your own team?
 Jester: Well, it would be correct to say that I am a part of something bigger
 Jester: We are calling ourselves NightHawks
 Jester: I will give you our crossroads server address, you can find some useful info there
 Jester: And I will add some folders regarding our matter
 Jester: Just look for the Project Oblivion folder, everything will be there
 Jester: Here you go
 Jester: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#NightHawks' Crossroads#%#25.187.106.244
 Jester: !ATTACHMENT:account#%#NightHawks' Crossroads#%#25.187.106.244#%#admin#%#Sl1ckPr3y
 
 -Mission completed-
 Jester: @Vortex Great Job buddy!
 Jester: You've got very interesting material
 Jester: HIV and Syphilis, wow, he is a whore fucker as I can see
 Jester: While having a wife and two kids, this could work right
 Jester: Plus he just lost all his academic degrees, am I right?
 Jester: At least his career is over
 Jester: And I hope he will blow his own brains in some dirty alleyway soon...
 Vortex: Are we done?
 Jester: Sure pal, you just helped towards justice uprise
 Jester: I'll give you second part of the fix, and...
 Vortex: ...?
 Jester: ... Are you interested in joining in?
 Vortex: NightHawks?
 Jester: Yeah, we kinda could use your abilities and that log-disguise feature is pretty damn good as I can see
 Vortex: I have to continue my search and make someone pay
 Jester: With a few portbreakers? If his is so hard to find and so powerful, I think he will crush you again, no offence
 Jester: But if you become one of us, we could help each other
 Jester: You will help with our contracts and we will provide you all intel about your guy
 Jester: What ya think?
 Vortex: ...
 Vortex: Maybe
 Jester: In any case, I'll activate the fix and there will be access data as well
 Jester: It will show up on your terminal
 Jester: Don't think for too long
 Jester: We will change access details in a few hours
 Jester: Here is your fix
 
 -Jester has been outplayed-  (branch)
 Jester: @Vortex How is the progress?
 Jester: I alredy contacted dirty media, and I still don't have any material I can use
 Vortex: I am working on it
 Jester: Work faster, if you keep that slow pace of yours, I can manage it myself
 Jester: Which makes you not a big help
 Jester: Meaning there will be no fix for you
 Vortex: I am doing my best here, forgot that I don't have a working map already?
 Jester: Ok, just get the job done faster
 Vortex: On it
 Jester: Wait, what the fuck?
 Vortex: ...?
 Jester: Suddently pigs started to crawl around
 Vortex: Should you alarm your partners?
 Jester: Done that already
 Vortex: Are you sure they are after you?
 Jester: Could be, after my little experiments
 Vortex: What experiments?
 Jester: Fuck, they are smashing doors
 Jester: I'll activate your fix now, use additional info there and tell Maverick that experiment failed
 Jester: Now get the hell out of here, you never knew me
 Jester: !ANNOUNCEMENT! JESTER LOST CONNECTION TO THE SERVER @channel
 
 ---Repulse's path---   (the lines where the difference with the Jester is marked)
 Vortex: !ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX CONNECTED TO THE CHAT @channel
 Repulse: Greetings mysterious kid-troll, good to have you here
 Repulse: I suppose you are vacant and looking for some job?
 Vortex: Something like that
 Vortex: I have been attacked and now I am trying to recover, find some tools and hunt down that cocksucker, so I can make sure nobody else is going to suffer from him
 Repulse: How hard have you been hitted?
 Vortex: I barely have any tools, my node NetMap is corrupted and unusable right now
 Repulse: What OS are you using?
 Vortex: Hacknet_OS, bet you are not familiar with it, supposed to be police-exclusive, but I had some experience with cops and know how to get their stuff time to time
 Vortex: At least before I was crippled by some powerful nutjob
 Repulse: A lot of hacker groups that I know are already using Hacknet
 Repulse: Did you get it way before? Like a few months back?
 Vortex: Yeah, cops didn't know that I was inside their systems, used accounts of some fat guy Paul, a clerk in CyberPolice
* Repulse: Wow, nice moves man
 Repulse: I see that you gained access, but I can't see any logs
* Repulse: Are you using some tools for that? Maybe share?
 Vortex: It's already in the system, Hacknet exclusive
* Repulse: I am using Hacknet right now, I don't have anything like that
 Vortex: Dunno, I read instructions from that clerk's emails
 Vortex: It said that police copies have that log-disguising function
 Repulse: How could you operate so close with cops, get police copy of OS way before everyone got regular Hacknet on deepweb, and get fucked from someone, so that you lost your tools and map?
 Vortex: There is always bigger fish, don't ever get cocky
* Repulse: Hmm, it's still suspicious to me that you got all that police-exclusive tools, how can I be sure that you are not undercover cop?
* Vortex: How many undercover cops go to the script kiddies message boards and troll them?
 Vortex: Or you think that I am undercover federal and was looking for some dangerous cool criminals on that board?
 Repulse: Fine, sounds reasonable
 Vortex: So can you help me to recover?
 Repulse: Well at least I can help you with the map
 Vortex: Really?
 Repulse: Not free of course
 Repulse: Need something done first
 Repulse: Interested?
 Vortex: Depends on what you want me to do
* Repulse: Don't worry, nothing serious, I need to find one guy
 Vortex: Who is he?
 Repulse: He is a cop
* Repulse: Name is Cypher Mendes
* Repulse: He led the operation of catching my friend named Daedra
* Repulse: Packed him up because of one job we did
* Repulse: They were on my back as well but for some reason dropped soon
* Repulse: Maybe because I didn't participate in the actual hacking
* Repulse: We got a contract from one lady, who tried to get her sister's Med File
* Repulse: To prove that she is mentally sane, but her employer wanted to get rid of her because of the greed
* Repulse: And made a paper forgery
* Repulse: Lady asked us to recover digital original file that can prove her sister's sanity
* Repulse: And after that, my best friend gone insane, got arrested and I lost everything
 Vortex: ...
 Repulse: To show that I really can fix your problem, go here "192.94.82.50" and download a .bat file
 
 Repulse: !ANNOUNCEMENT! LOCKDOWN SCRIPT ENGAGED @channel
 Repulse: See? wasn't bluffing
 Repulse: But still I must have some bargaining chip
 Repulse: You have to get second part of the Fix to unlock your map
 Repulse: And of course I am more than happy to provide it to you
 Vortex: But only if I complete your job
 Repulse: Exactly
 Vortex: I'll see what I can do
* Repulse: Great, I have a few ideas
* Repulse: I can't find that fucker for a long time, he disappeared after being accused of drug trafficking
* Repulse: But I found his colleague, name is Javis Williamson
* Repulse: I want to blackmail him
* Repulse: So, you need to get his Med File so I can make a forged copy that won't allow him to stay in the police
* Repulse: And to back it up, wipe his academic degrees
* Repulse: Meanwhile I will make a very intimidating files about him as well
* Repulse: And he will help me to find that Mendes guy
* Vortex: And what if he won't?
* Repulse: I will make it public, destroying his life
* Repulse: Just like his boss destroyed me and my friend
* Repulse: I am a part of a group, we call ourselves NightHawks, if you manage this right, I may introduce you to the group
* Repulse: If you join us, it will be easier to find your enemy
* Repulse: I will give you our crossroads server, look for Project Oblivion folder, I will list all details there
* Repulse: Here you go
* Repulse: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#NightHawks' Crossroads#%#100.234.234.151
* Repulse: !ATTACHMENT:account#%#NightHawks' Crossroads#%#100.234.234.151#%#admin#%#Sl1ckPr3y
 
 -Mission completed-
* Repulse: @Vortex Great, I've got the Med File, can make that guy look like a junkie
* Repulse: You wiped his degrees?
* Vortex: Yes, there were three degrees
* Repulse: Good, I can corner him now
* Repulse: If he won't tell, I just going to ruin his life
* Vortex: Why do you think he would know where to find that Cypher guy?
* Repulse: My sources are saying they were close, maybe even cooperated on that drug business
* Repulse: I'll just make this world one dirty cop lesser
* Repulse: So I can't say I am a bad guy
* Repulse: And thank you for your help, what you've done is really important to me
* Repulse: And as I said, I will give you the complete fix for the map, and there will be access to NightHawks sa well
* Repulse: Interested in joining in?
 Vortex: NightHawks?
* Repulse: Yeah, we kind of could use your abilities and that log-disguise feature is pretty good as I can see
 Vortex: I have to continue my search and make someone pay
 Repulse: With a few portbreakers? If his is so hard to find and so powerful, I think he will crush you again, no offence
 Repulse: But if you become one of us, we could help each other
 Repulse: You will help with our contracts and we will provide you all intel about your guy
* Repulse: What do you think?
 Vortex: ...
 Vortex: Maybe
 Repulse: In any case, I'll activate the fix and there will be access data as well
 Repulse: It will show up on your terminal
 Repulse: Don't think for too long
 Repulse: We will change access details in a few hours
 Repulse: Here is your fix
 
 -Repulse has been outplayed-  (branch)
 Repulse: @Vortex How is the progress?
* Repulse: I alredy made fakes, that can show him off as drug trafficking member, just like Mendes guy
 Vortex: I am working on it
 Repulse: Work faster, if you keep that slow pace of yours, I can manage it myself
 Repulse: Which makes you not a big help
 Repulse: Meaning there will be no fix for you
 Vortex: I am doing my best here, forgot that I don't have a working map already?
* Repulse: Ok, sorry, it's just matters for me too much
 Vortex: On it
* Repulse: I can't wait to find Cypher Mendes
* Vortex: ...
* Repulse: What?
* Vortex: Maybe he found you first
* Repulse: What do you mean?...
* Vortex: He disappeared after all, maybe he is in a big trouble like you, maybe you could've met him somewhere
* Vortex: And if he finds out you are looking for him, if he is such a bad cop, he will retailate
* Repulse: I am prepared for anything
* Vortex: Anything? Even if he comes with a gun to your house?
* Repulse: Don't sure about that...
* Repulse: SHIT, cops trying to break in!
* Vortex: What? Why?
* Repulse: IDK, maybe because of my experiments with their servers
* Repulse: I knew that they would find me sooner or later
* Repulse: I will activate your fix now, use additional info to find NightHawks' Hub, tell Maverick that experiment failed
* Repulse: NOW! GO!
* Repulse: !ANNOUNCEMENT! REPULSE LOST CONNECTION TO THE SERVER @channel

---Joining NightHawks---
Vortex: !ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX JOINED THE SERVER @channel
Maverick: Greetings Vortex, our external agent confirmed that you deserve a place among us
Maverick: I am leader of NightHawks, there are five of us total, not counting external agents
Maverick: Jenkins, our Technical Specialist, he can easily make one computer attack another one without anybody noticing anything
Jenkins: Sup
Maverick: Deladello, Social Engineering, utilizes human stupidity better than anyone else
Deladello: Greetings
Maverick: Prophet, Coordinator and Cooperative Hacker, helps me to hold everything under control, and if you pair with him, nobody can stop you both
Prophet: When united - then strong
Maverick: Slayer, Damage Control, our blast force and sledgehammer in any situation, has access to the hitmen services in special cases
Slayer: Need anything or anyone broken, you ask me
Maverick: And me of course, Head of The Operations, Maverick
Maverick: You are here because you have proven yourself as a resourceful hacker and we need people like you
Maverick: And my guess is that you want something from us as well
Vortex: I need to find one hacker
Maverick: Deladello and Prophet can help you with that
Maverick: But why I should give them that order?
Vortex: I can be a part of your team as well, you still need the Covert Operations specialist, someone untrackable, I bet you already know why I am the best candidate
Maverick: Indeed, your log-disguise is a very interesting phenomenon
Maverick: We have a few contracts that require delicate approach
Maverick: While you will be busy with them, Deladello and Prophet will collect info about your guy
Maverick: Do you accept that deal?
Vortex: Yes
Maverick: Boys, help our new member with his personal problem and give his address to our contracts hub agent
Maverick: Jenkins, Slayer, we have a business to attend to, check "Live Projects" 
Deladello: What is the nickname of that hacker?
Vortex: Omicron
Deladello: We'll start digging, meanwhile you will complete contracts of our clients, first one should be easy
Prophet: And check this server's files, you can find something useful
Deladello: Here is your first one

-A part of diolog if Karma is positive-
Vortex: !ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX JOINED THE SERVER @channel
Jenkins: Who the fuck is that?
Maverick: How did you get here?
	Vortex: Jester/Repulse Sent me, he said that experiment failed and cops got to him
Maverick: So they DID manage to trace him. Fuck
Maverick: @channel Attention to everyone, DO NOT INTERACT with any Police Servers, they are upgrading their software, one of our external agents has been caught already
	Vortex: I was assisting Jester/Repulse with his personal matter
Maverick: If he gave you access data to this server, you are not some stranger
Maverick: In fact, he told us about you
Maverick: Vortex, your NetMap was damaged and in the same time you have a unique ability to disguise your logs. And it is true, we can't see you in logs on this server, only that you have admin access, gained through our password
	Maverick: We will manage Jester's/Repulse's matter, but as far as I can see you are interested in our group, so allow me to properly introduce us
...
Maverick: So, what is your motivation?
...

---After Contract 1---
Jenkins: @channel Finished with the tools for Dragon Lord Op
Maverick: Great job, there is a communication task for you, check "Live Projects"
Maverick: Also, well done @Vortex, your client replied with a satisfaction, you will get next one soon
Maverick: Keep going everybody

---After Contract 2---
Slayer: @channel We have a problem
Maverick: What is it?
Slayer: A few PIs are investigating our infrastructure, probably work for Lao Zhin
Maverick: Dispose of them
Maverick: As violent as possible, so others would know
Slayer: I contacted Scalpel, they will be quartered
Maverick: Shuriken Alliance is under attack of someone named Dreadnought, we are on our own
Maverick: Ok, prepare for the final stage
Maverick: @Vortex, contract completed, take next one

---Contract 3, contacting Clara---
Vortex: !ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX JOINED THE SERVER @channel
Clara: Vortex? What a lame
Vortex: We haven't talked for 2 months and that is how you greet me? Anyway, at least I must be grateful that it is not "I will bust your criminal ass right now"
Clara: I am really considering it now
Vortex: Nevermind then. I am really glad to hear from you Clara
Clara: Cypher... please, explain anything
Vortex: It was a masterpiece setup. I was hacked by that third hacker, Omicron, he gave me a very simple choice: being caught instantly, or a few days after. I changed IP and fled
Vortex: Remember that last file I dropped? Drug traffic details? Well, it had a script in it
Vortex: Giving all kind of access to the Emalio cartel, and placing my tracks all over the place of course
Clara: You have EnSec, how is that possible that you have been hacked and why I should believe you?
Vortex: If you remember, guy had EnSec as well, and from what I can see, he is tied with EnTech one way or another
Vortex: Just think about it, he had moles in DEA and CyberPolice. He knew when we are going to hit him, nothing stops him from injecting his men in EnTech, it is a huge money-thirsty monopolistic corporation
Clara: Cypher, FBI thinks that YOU were a mole on our side
Clara: Feds got the DEA guy, he confirmed you were cooperating with cartel
Vortex: What?
Clara: And Omicron is dead by the way. Other squad disabled EnSec protocols with the help of EnTech digital enforcers and got inside his systems. He is shot by the cartel members, data leakage was on his Relay Server so they blamed him
Vortex: No, it can't be, he is alive, he planned all of this, he disposed of the cartel that way, he is still out there and I am looking for him and I feel that I am getting closer
Clara: Captain, I really want to believe you, you made me see why I should devote myself to help people
Clara: But on the other hand your name brings me nothing but trouble for the last 2 months
Vortex: ...
Vortex: I am sorry Clara
Vortex: I never wanted to see my friends and family suffering because of me
Vortex: All this injustice is has to be undone
Vortex: It is now the only thing that motivates me
Clara: Justice?
Clara: Or revenge?
Vortex: ...
Clara: When you will find out, then we will talk again
Vortex: Before you go, I have to ask you something
Clara: ?
Vortex: Can you slow down a little bit with your current investigation? I am undercover inside NightHawks group, and I have to complete a contract so they would give me info about Omicron
Vortex: After that, I can give you them up on a silver platter
Clara: I am giving you one day. Tomorrow, these Spoofer idiots will be in custody
Vortex: Thank you Clara. I hope we will make things right together
Clara: It depends on your actions, Captain...
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL IS CLOSED @channel

---After Contract 3---
Maverick: @channel Well done everyone, operation Dragon Lord is complete
Deladello: Well done guys
Deladello: How much did you get?
Jenkins: Quarter of a million
Deladello: Holy fuck
Maverick: Everyone involved will get their cut in a few days
Maverick: How is the progress with Search mission?
Deladello: Omicron - real name is unknown, seems to be some kind of legend in narrow circles. Presumed dead but I would doubt it, he disappeared several times before and yet came back. Has a large hacking potential, he led a very difficult operations, even fucked with FBI
Prophet: His last job was to help drug cartel with FBI interfierence, something gone wrong and cops find out about everything, got to Omicron's moles and later on Feds got the cartel. Meantime, Omicron was shot by cartel's killers for that fuck up, but I used similar maneuver before, I think he just layed low for a while, we keep digging deeper
Maverick: Ok, keep going, Jenkins will help you
Maverick: @Vortex, you can see that we are doing our part here. Same as you as I can see, your client accepted your results
Maverick: Take next contract

---After Contract 4---
Maverick: @channel Report everyone
Deladello: Me and Prophet found some clues with Jenkins' help
Slayer: Done my personal matter, but in a bit more bloody manner than I thought
Maverick: Good. @Vortex I just got another contract confirmation. Your performance is great, I think there is only one contract left actually
Maverick: Take it

---Hospital Mission Start---
Deladello: @channel we've got something really interesting
Maverick: What is it?
Deladello: A solid lead on Omicron, and that is useful to whole group
Deladello: Thing is, he is preparing for something big, he searches for potential partners for some big time job
Deladello: And paying is going to be a lot more generous than Operation Dragon Lord
Maverick: A whole million?
Deladello: Exactly, and believe me, he is not messing around
Maverick: Can you contact him?
Jenkins: From what I can see, no. We need to attract his attention
Maverick: We need a big and controversial job to do. I will make a few calls and in the meantime, can someone explain to Vortex one obvious thing?
Deladello: Ah, sure. @Vortex, you need to understand something. Our deal was about finding him, not to go against him. I know you have some sort of personal vendetta with him, but you need to cooldown. If he will approach us with a business proposition, then we will take it. And if you refuse to cooperate, you will be dealing with us as enemies
Deladello: Am I making all things clear to you?
Vortex: ...
Vortex: After all your business with him is done, you won't get in my way
Deladello: Unless he pays for protection
Maverick: All right. I have a job for us, win-win situation. Operation Venomous Snake
Maverick: Client wants to extort one medical facility and we need to upload some ransomware
Maverick: Our main targets are life support units. We need to place ransomware that can deactivate them
Maverick: So as I said, it will be win-win situation. We either will get money and some attention, or a lot of notoriety for killing 50-60 people
Deladello: That will help us to get new clients and maybe even make Omicron to notice us. Man, can't stop thinking about that million $ he can offer
Maverick: One step at a time. First, we need an actual ransomware
Jenkins: Nearly finished it, what sum I need to input?
Maverick: Make it 75 grand for each unit
Jenkins: Got it
Maverick: @Vortex, you will participate as well. As a Covert Specialist and a smart guy in general, you will need to attack 5 units, that are best protected and out of reach for now
Maverick: Others will attack main complex
Maverick: @channel I'll send details via email. Good luck, gentlemen

---During Mission---
Jenkins: @channel You can find decipher executable in /bin folder of the DECSuite Deploy Server. You should know the password for provided files
Prophet: I think Vortex doesn't know
Jenkins: Ah shit. It will be easier for me to decipher his part myself
Jenkins: @Vortex, I deciphered your entry points, they are in file number 2
Jenkins: @channel Also, you can get ransomware .bat file from our crossroads server in appropriate folder

Maverick: @channel, what's the status?
Deladello: Got access to mainframe
Prophet: Deployed 25 files
Maverick: Keep going everybody

Deladello: @channel I have a problem with passworded .dec files
Maverick: Jenkins, can we solve this problem?
Jenkins: Hmm, theoretically yes. They are using automatic decipher procedure, and if encrypted file is in locked mode, they most probably need a plaintexted password on a source of encryption
Maverick: Can you make some kind of a tool?
Jenkins: Yep, header reader tool can show you source IP. I am placing it in our stash at this server
Deladello: Thanks. It should help

Deladello: @Jenkins, we have a problem with ports
Jenkins: Let me guess, SQL?
Deladello: No, 104
Jenkins: Ah. Well I think I've seen a breaker somewhere on Kellis servers
Jenkins: @channel I've uploaded a few portbreakers in our stash. One should work for 104 (Medical) and other is for 1433 (SQL)
Maverick: Well done Jenkins, that should help us

Deladello: @Maverick, can we trust our client on this one?
Maverick: Yeah, he can't go back at this point, he is interested in this job in a political approach
Deladello: Got it

-Clara's Branch-
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL IS ACTIVE @channel
Clara: This guy wants you to attack NLH hospital? With some kind of a ransomware if I am seeing things right?
Vortex: Yes, NightHawks are moving in right now, and they want to plant ransomware on life support units. They assigned me to the most difficult ones
Clara: They want to use ransomware to extort NLH hospital? For 75 grand each unit?
Vortex: Exactly
Clara: That hospital doesn't have so much money, they recently paid to Kellis BioTech for new equipment
Vortex: Then everybody who is connected to life support units will die. NightHawks want to become a famous group and enter high league of hackers so they won't hesitate
Clara: What a fucking morons
Vortex: I know that already Clara, can we do something about that??
Clara: For fuck sake, I am thinking!
Clara: Ok, I have a somewhat of a plan
Vortex: I am all ears
Clara: I will contact NLH security and warn them about attack but of course they won't make any sudden moves
Clara: Also I will reverse-engineer that .bat file and will send them a security patch. Life support units won't be in danger of deactivation and your buddies will think that everything is fine and working as it should be, except that they can't actually kill anyone
Clara: It will look like a mistake of someone who made that ransomware, your group won't suspect you
Vortex: And I assume that I must continue executing my part of operation?
Clara: Yes. Do what they said you to do
Clara: People won't die, so make it look like you did your job right, and the guy who made .bat file will look faulty
Vortex: Ok, I will resume the operation, but what about the client?
Clara: Enforcers are ready to move out at his location as soon as people at the hospital would be safe
Vortex: Got it. Thank you Clara. You just saved a lot of people. But we have another problem. I was right, Omicron is back, check all available information, scan all your sources, we need to get to him, he is preparing for some kind of operation or attack
Clara: I still think that is a nonsense, Captain, but I will check it out
Vortex: Thanks again
Clara: Now go, complete that operation of your lunatic friends
Vortex: I won't befriend with some neo-nazi scum
Clara: Good. I will be in touch
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL IS CLOSED @channel

-----Hospital branches-----

---Mission Completed---
Maverick: @channel, My scanner shows that 58 ransom files are active, well done everybody, I think we've bombed the whole place
Jenkins: Yeah, that's supposed to be all of them
Deladello: Now what do we do?
Maverick: We'll wait. I notified the client. Waiting for further instructions
Vortex: Will that attract Omicron?
Maverick: Most probably
Maverick: We can kill them all right now if you want to attract everybody's attention, including Omicron
Vortex: I didn't say I want to kill those people
Maverick: And that is why you placed ransomware to extort a hospital. You have a pretty bendable morality, Vortex
Maverick: But it would be better if you hadn't got it at all, it makes you weak
Maverick: You want to win over Omicron? You've got to be strong, no remorse and second thoughts
Maverick: Don't let anyone stop you on your path
Maverick: That is our group's philosophy. And that is exact reason why we have such power and connections. We decide fate of people, would they live or die. Fear is our weapon. You can't scare a person with big words, you have to act
Maverick: I bet Omicron knows that. He plays on the same rules
Maverick: You want to find and fight him? Then prove that you've got balls!

(Flag-depended answers)
-Jester/Repulse has been outplayed-
Vortex: How? What the fuck is your problem??
Vortex: I've done my part perfectly, what else do you need?
Maverick: You are so pathetic now. I thought you've got something inside to be superior among others
Maverick: Perhaps I was wrong
Vortex: Wrong about what? What did you portrayed out of me? A killer? You have Slayer for that, I am a hacker, and I've done my part here
Vortex: What do you want me to say? "Please kill those innocent sick people so I can talk to a motherfucker who ruined my life", - is that it?
Maverick: As you wish...
Maverick: !ANNOUNCEMENT! HaHaTrap SCRIPT ACTIVATED @channel
Vortex: Wha.. What the fuck man??
Vortex: ARE YOU MENTALLY CHALLENGED? I DIDN'T ASK FOR THAT!
Maverick: You should've. You can thank me later
Maverick: I suggest you to think about results that you will achieve, instead of means that was actually necessary
Maverick: @Deladello, scan all mass media about what we've done, I want every single person in California to know what happened
Deladello: Sure thing
Vortex: @Deladello, what the fuck is wrong with you people? I thought you wanted money. Your client isn't even replied yet!
Deladello: We may seem like a bloodthirsty group, but in fact only Slayer is like that. And you are right, we are into this because of money. We would've get 4 350 000 dollars tops out of Operation Venomous Snake. The announcement of Omicron says that he is paying a million
Vortex: I don't see any logic, it is less profitable. I still cannot understand why we just murdered 58 people!
Deladello: Million dollars EACH. Meaning 6 000 000 dollars to the whole group. Including you
Maverick: But you will participate only if you accept our rules. If you forgot how we do things around here, check out Oath file on our crossroads server once again
Maverick: Nice! I contacted client, he already saw the news, and he is more than happy actually
Maverick: Apperantly he can lobe his medical project now
Deladello: Great, I hope we can benefit from it as well
Jenkins: @channel Are we done? I want to share some experience
Jenkins: I've got like California's biggest burger on my plate and I think
NOTIFICATION:
!ANNOUNCEMENT! MAVERICK IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! PROPHET IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! JENKINS IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! SLAYER IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! DELADELLO IS MUTED @channel

-Jester's/Repulse's mission completed-
Vortex: My vengeance is the only thing that can justify what are we doing because this man has done something more horrible to my life, better if he killed me
Maverick: That was his mistake. Because now you are stronger
Vortex: Yeah. And I know what I want
Vortex: But does it really require so many deaths?
Maverick: You are doubting your main purpose?
Vortex: ...
Vortex: No, I made my mind
Vortex: Those 58 people are dying anyway, I just ease their pain and meet my ultimate enemy
Maverick: That's the spirit
Maverick: !ANNOUNCEMENT! HaHaTrap SCRIPT ACTIVATED @channel
Maverick: @Deladello, scan all mass media about what we've done, I want every single person in California to know what happened
Deladello: Sure thing
Vortex: Is it really that easy to take someone's life?
Maverick: If you know where that action will take you
Deladello: We made this week's top news, lads
Maverick: Nice! I contacted client, he already saw the news, and he is more than happy actually
Maverick: Apperantly he can lobe his medical project now
Deladello: Great, I hope we can benefit from it as well
Jenkins: So what's next?
Maverick: We are now notorious hackers, gentlemen
Maverick: And I can see a lot of opportunities ahead of us
Deladello: I hope we will get some kind of contact from
NOTIFICATION:
!ANNOUNCEMENT! MAVERICK IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! PROPHET IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! JENKINS IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! SLAYER IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! DELADELLO IS MUTED @channel

-Jester's/Repulse's Scum Route (willing mission completion after branch discovery)-
Vortex: You doubt my motivation?
Vortex: I know that I have to make sacrifices to achieve my goals
Vortex: I will find that cocksucker no matter what
Vortex: So go ahead and push that fucking button
Deladello: Whoa
Vortex: If that makes Omicron to get out of the shadows, then all of this is worth it
Maverick: I have no doubts now
Maverick: !ANNOUNCEMENT! HaHaTrap SCRIPT ACTIVATED @channel
Maverick: @Deladello, scan all mass media about what we've done, I want every single person in California to know what happened
Deladello: Sure thing
Vortex: What kind of business are you planing with Omicron?
Prophet: He is in a major league. At least he was. He can teach us how to strike FBI and get away with it. All his operations would be very big at this point
Deladello: We made this week's top news, lads
Maverick: Nice! I contacted client, he already saw the news, and he is more than happy actually
Maverick: Apperantly he can lobe his medical project now
Deladello: Great, I hope we can benefit from it as well
Jenkins: So what's next?
Maverick: We are now notorious hackers, gentlemen
Maverick: And I can see a lot of opportunities ahead of us
Deladello: I hope we will get some kind of contact from
NOTIFICATION:
!ANNOUNCEMENT! MAVERICK IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! PROPHET IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! JENKINS IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! SLAYER IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! DELADELLO IS MUTED @channel

---Hospital Scum Route---
Maverick: @channel, My scanner shows that 58 ransom files are active, well done everybody, I think we've bombed the whole place
Jenkins: Yeah, that's supposed to be all of them
Deladello: Now what do we do?
Maverick: We'll wait. I notified the client. Waiting for further instructions
Vortex: Will that attract Omicron?
Maverick: Most probably
Maverick: We can kill them all right now if you want to attract everybody's attention, including Omicron
Vortex: Then do it
Maverick: Whoa, we still may get some cash out of them first
Vortex: You said that Omicron pays generous, you need him as much as I do. Kill them
Slayer: I am interested in seeing that Omicron guy as well so why the fuck not?
Maverick: Anybody else wants to support Vortex's initiative?
Deladello: I am curious about a partnership with a legend
Jenkins: I heard he got some beautiful tools and programs extracted directly from EnTech archives
Maverick: Prophet? What is your opinion?
Prophet: He is in a major league. At least he was. He can teach us how to strike FBI and get away with it. So I am voting for Vortex
Maverick: Then the decision is made
Maverick: !ANNOUNCEMENT! HaHaTrap SCRIPT ACTIVATED @channel
Maverick: @Deladello, scan all mass media about what we've done, I want every single person in California to know what happened
Deladello: Sure thing
Deladello: We made this week's top news, lads
Maverick: Nice! I contacted client, he already saw the news, and he is more than happy actually
Maverick: Apperantly he can lobe his medical project now
Deladello: Great, I hope we can benefit from it as well
Jenkins: So what's next?
Maverick: We are now notorious hackers, gentlemen
Maverick: And I can see a lot of opportunities ahead of us
Deladello: I hope we will get some kind of contact from
NOTIFICATION:
!ANNOUNCEMENT! MAVERICK IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! PROPHET IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! JENKINS IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! SLAYER IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! DELADELLO IS MUTED @channel

---Best Outcome---
Maverick: @channel, My scanner shows that 58 ransom files are active, well done everybody, I think we've bombed the whole place
Jenkins: Yeah, that's supposed to be all of them
Deladello: Now what do we do?
Maverick: We'll wait. I notified the client. Waiting for further instructions
Vortex: Will that attract Omicron?
Maverick: Most probably
Maverick: We can kill them all right now if you want to attract everybody's attention, including Omicron
Vortex: Then do it
Maverick: Whoa, we still may get some cash out of them first
Vortex: You said that Omicron pays generous, you need him as much as I do. Kill them
Slayer: I am interested in seeing that Omicron guy as well so why the fuck not?
Maverick: Anybody else wants to support Vortex's initiative?
Deladello: I am curious about a partnership with a legend
Jenkins: I heard he got some beautiful tools and programs extracted directly from EnTech archives
Maverick: Prophet? What is your opinion?
Prophet: He is in a major league. At least he was. He can teach us how to strike FBI and get away with it. So I am voting for Vortex
Maverick: Then the decision is made
Maverick: !ANNOUNCEMENT! NullException_@Q#$%NLH#$%, HaHaTrap CANNOT EXECUTE @channel
Maverick: What the fuck is this?
Jenkins: IDK, everything is supposed to work
Maverick: I figured it out myself. But guess what?
Maverick: IT IS NOT WORKING
Jenkins: I am doublechecking everything
Deladello: I don't see any activity of a medical staff, they don't know about us
Jenkins: FUCK. I didn't input one of the security protocols
Maverick: Can you fix it?
Jenkins: I, I don't understand, they all have a unique token cycling procedure, I am pretty sure it wasn't there
Maverick: Can you make a new .bat?
Jenkins: No, it is a completly different procces, I can't even make an automated .bat, only .exe with manual activation, we would barelly deactivate 4-5 units and then they will notice us and cut the remote access
Maverick: How didn't you notice that in a first place??
Jenkins: I am sure it was a different process
Maverick: You think we were compromised and they changed security?
Deladello: No, in that case they would've whitelisted the whole place, they are not aware of us
Maverick: So it is a technical mistake
Deladello: Yeah, at least I think so
Maverick: So
Maverick: Operation failed?
Jenkins: Because of me apparently
Maverick: We are working together for a whole year. But you know the rules, and you've made a major fuck up
Jenkins: I understand
Maverick: Vortex proved his abilities, and I think he can take your place now. He is stronger, and he has done his part perfectly
Maverick: And you know there is no place for weak in here
Maverick: I won't send Slayer after you. But you better forget about us and our existence
Maverick: Despite our failure, I want to congratulate Vortex as our new technical specialist
Deladello: Great job man!
Prophet: Well done!
Slayer: Congrats
NOTIFICATION:
!ANNOUNCEMENT! MAVERICK IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! PROPHET IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! JENKINS IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! SLAYER IS MUTED @channel
!ANNOUNCEMENT! DELADELLO IS MUTED @channel

---Omicron Enters, branch is not finished, +1 Karma---
Omicron: Hello
Omicron: Cypher
Omicron: Or
Omicron: Should
Omicron: I
Omicron: Call
Omicron: You
Omicron: Vortex
Omicron: Now?
Omicron: Quite
Omicron: A comeback
Omicron: You've
Omicron: Made
Omicron: I
Omicron: Thought
Omicron: You
Omicron: Were
Omicron: A good
Omicron: Cop
Omicron: But I
Omicron: Can't
Omicron: Remember
Omicron: A single
Omicron: Good
Omicron: Policeman
Omicron: Who participated in a murdering
Omicron: Of 58 people
Omicron: I know we have a little unfinished business between us
Omicron: But let's leave our main course for the better times
Omicron: And you would kindly introduce me to your little bird-friends
Omicron: Oh, and sorry for inconvenience but they can't hear me
Omicron: Only you have my backdoor in your system
Omicron: So I am afraid you as well won't be able to hear my beautiful
Omicron: Distorted
Omicron: Voice
Omicron: But not for long...

---Omicron Enters, branch is not finished, -1 Karma---
Omicron: Hello
Omicron: Cypher
Omicron: Or
Omicron: Should
Omicron: I
Omicron: Call
Omicron: You
Omicron: Vortex
Omicron: Now?
Omicron: What
Omicron: An awful
Omicron: Thing
Omicron: You
Omicron: Just
Omicron: Did...
Omicron: Murdering
Omicron: 58 people...
Omicron: Just
Omicron: To
Omicron: Get
Omicron: To
Omicron: Me?
Omicron: It's interesting to watch how your conscience is fading away
Omicron: I know we have a little unfinished business between us
Omicron: But let's leave our main course for the better times
Omicron: And you would kindly introduce me to your little bird-friends
Omicron: Oh, and sorry for inconvenience but they can't hear me
Omicron: Only you have my backdoor in your system
Omicron: So I am afraid you as well won't be able to hear my beautiful
Omicron: Distorted
Omicron: Voice
Omicron: But not for long...

---Omicron Enters, branch is finished---
Omicron: You...
Omicron: Cypher
Omicron: Vortex
Omicron: Whatever you want to call yourself
Omicron: Do you
Omicron: Really
Omicron: Think
Omicron: That I won't react to the fact
Omicron: That one of my agents
Omicron: Was detained by San-Francisco CyberPolice Department?
Omicron: And by pure coincidence
Omicron: The group that took his contract failed as well
Omicron: Despite the fact that all members are professionals
Omicron: Do You think that you outplayed everyone?
Omicron: Do You think that you are the best undecover cop?
Omicron: Then I have to break all your illusions
Omicron: Few days back
Omicron: I told Malber to make Never Loose Hope Hospital
Omicron: A place
Omicron: Where people won't feel safe
Omicron: And would fear that death may come at any moment
Omicron: This
Omicron: Place
Omicron: Is making me to remember something from my past
Omicron: Something that I want to forget
Omicron: It is
Omicron: A personal
Omicron: Matter
Omicron: I won't ask some random punks about that favour
Omicron: Malber is one of the few
Omicron: Who really knows me
Omicron: And here you are
Omicron: Condemned Police Captain
Omicron: That seeks justice
Omicron: Hiding among the filth he was fighting against
Omicron: RUINING SOMETHING
Omicron: THAT IS REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME!
Omicron: But what really makes me furious
Omicron: Is that you think
Omicron: That you can remain saint in your actions
Omicron: You think that I don't know about that girlfriend of yours?
Omicron: Then
Omicron: It is right time to open your cards
Omicron: Let's ask your NightHawks buddies
Omicron: What they think about your
Omicron: Previous place of occupation?

---After Omicron's appearance, branch is not finished---
Maverick: What the actual fuck?
Omicron: Greetings to all of you, humble people
Omicron: I think there is no need to introduce myself
Omicron: Saw your recent job, quite a shock to everybody
Omicron: I like your style!
Maverick: We indeed expected a contact from you, but in a bit different way
Omicron: Like what? Email?
Omicron: I thought people recognize me for an unusual approach to different stuff
Deladello: It is quite unusual
Jenkins: What are you operating with? How's that possible?
Omicron: Whoa whoa, people. I don't know you, so many new names
Omicron: I was hoping my old friend @Vortex would introduce you to me
Vortex: Fuck
Vortex: you
Omicron: Oww, no need to be so rude
Omicron: You're alive after all
Omicron: I think we should just move on from past and look straight into the bright future
Vortex: You can shove that bright future in your ass
Omicron: Duly noted
Omicron: Anyway, I thought that I am here to see some professionals who killed 58 people in a hospital and got away with it
Omicron: And in the same time made their names in California Prime News
Maverick: Yes, we are people of the business of course
Omicron: One of your operatives seems to be hostile and irrational towards our partnership
Maverick: He will be eliminated immediately if you require that
Omicron: No
Omicron: I have some plans on him
Maverick: Let me introduce our group
Omicron: Noooo. I think I made quite clear statement, that I want Vortex to introduce your group
Omicron: If he won't do that, there is no business between us
Maverick: @Vortex, please, cast off your pride and introduce NightHawks properly
Vortex: What if I refuse?
Maverick: Then you have to speak with Slayer in person
Maverick: And that won't be a long conversation
Maverick: Think straight for a moment. You want to revenge? Do it smart, not bold and stupid
Omicron: You should listen what that man says
Omicron: I am guaranteeing that I will give you my full attention if you just introduce your friends
Omicron: Nothing more
Omicron: It is not so hard
Vortex: I am sure you know everything about them already
Vortex: So you can quit that clownade, and we will talk face to face
Omicron: I am assuming you are calling me a clown?
Vortex: Exactly
Omicron: Hmm. I don't like to work with people who insult me
Omicron: So maybe I should go and look for someone more suitable...
Maverick: No, we are sorry for this misunderstanding
Deladello: I think Vortex meant that you've probably collected all info about us already, there is no need to be so easily offended, sir
Jenkins: Yes, just a stupid joke, he just had a rough day
Vortex: I had a rough 2 months to be precise
Vortex: And that man is the main reason for it
Omicron: You want to get to me? Pay some respect and act like a gentleman
Omicron: You are professional after all
Vortex: Fine
Vortex: Maverick, main dickhead of that little digital dumpster
Vortex: Jenkins, little bitch that handles scripts and tools
Vortex: Deladello, pseudo psychologist who thinks that being cynical 24/7 is cool
Vortex: Slayer, an absolute crazy motherfucker who enjoys killing sprees
Vortex: And last one, Prophet, don't know anything about him, he is just some quite guy
Vortex: Are you happy now, piece of shit?
Omicron: Not entirely a gentleman type of introduction, but hey, I will take it
Omicron: Okay lads, I think you shouldn't be angry at him, he is in a really bad shape to be honest
Omicron: Two months back he was a Police Captain after all
Maverick: WHAT?
Omicron: He was obedient man of the law
Omicron: And now he helps you to murder 58 people
Omicron: So if I were you, I would give him some credit
Omicron: His real name is Cypher Mendes
Omicron: I bet you all read the news about him 2 months back
Deladello: A cop who worked with drug cartel?
Omicron: Exactly
Omicron: And now he wants to get to me for that little prank
Vortex: You destroyed my life, crippled me, made me a murderer, and now making fun of me
Vortex: I will kill you
Omicron: That's not something a policeman would say, Cypher
Omicron: But I will give you that opportunity
Omicron: You just must have enough motivation and guts to do that
Omicron: @channel I have a job to all of you
Omicron: We are going to hit an FBI Database and all of you would have an opportunity to wipe of all your personal data and start a new life
Omicron: But you need tools for that
Omicron: Luckily, Vortex knows an address of a Police Asset server
Omicron: But in case of his bad memory, I'll drop a link here
Omicron: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Asset Server#%#90.91.183.142
Omicron: @channel But as you can see, it is protected with advanced EnTech security protocols
Omicron: I have a special tool to break EnSec, but we can't breach whitelist yet
Omicron: I know a place where we can get what we need
Omicron: But to make it more interesting, Vortex will be leading this operation
Omicron: I will upload a .dll that helps to break EnSec to Vortex's PC, and then you can attack an archive of EnTech that contains whitelist breach tools
Omicron: Vortex can give that .dll to NightHawks, by uploading it in /home folder of this server, or he can unite with his girlfriend that he secretly contacted recently
Maverick: What girlfriend?
Omicron: On one of your contracts that you gave to Vortex, he made a contact with someone named Clara
Omicron: Apparently, she is an ex-colleague of Vortex
Maverick: Mothefucker
Omicron: So, @Vortex, you have a pretty simple choice: upload .dll file to this server's /home folder if you want to unite with NightHawks, and I promise we will settle our matter right after and nobody will disturb us
Omicron: Alternatively, you can send it to Clara's Workstation's /home folder and unite with her, if you think you still have some morality. But I am warning you, NightHawks will attack you both, and you may not see me ever again
Omicron: You can't use this .dll youself, you need a partner who can make a valid .exe
Omicron: So...
Omicron: Choose wisely

---After Omicron's appearance, branch is finished---
Maverick: What the actual fuck?
Omicron: Greetings to all of you, humble people
Omicron: I think there is no need to introduce myself
Maverick: I am honored to have you here, but how exactly did you find us?
Omicron: Trade secret
Omicron: You took a contract recently
Omicron: Something about hitting a hospital if I remember correctly
Omicron: Well, your client was my agent, and he got detained
Omicron: And that fact really concerns me
Maverick: We are sorry to hear that, but we can offer our services to find the one who gave out your agent to the cops
Omicron: Oh, thank you guys
Omicron: But I am afraid I know already who it is
Omicron: To be precise , it is one of your operatives
Maverick: I would doubt that
Omicron: Oh really? What do you know about Vortex?
Maverick: He joined us recently and makes the job done. He proved himself a capable operative. Is there something we don't know?
Omicron: Would it be a news to you that he is an undercover cop?
Maverick: He've done quite well on many of our missions, and they were successful, not including last one
Omicron: I wouldn't judge Jenkins so hard on his mistake
Omicron: Because there is no mistake at all
Jenkins: What do you mean?
Omicron: Vortex notified a Police detective about your attack
Omicron: And hospital was ready for you, changed security protocols in a stealthy manner
Omicron: So nobody would suspect a little rat among you
Maverick: This changes everything
Slayer: Then I suppose I am packing my tools and going for a tet-a-tet with Vortex?
Omicron: No
Omicron: I have plans on him
Vortex: I think my plans are a little bit different from yours
Vortex: To lock you up in a cell for the rest of your life and clear my name
Omicron: His real name is Cypher Mendes
Omicron: Rings any bells?
Deladello: It is that cop, who fled CyberPolice after the FBI discovered his connections with drug cartel?
Omicron: Exactly
Omicron: Now he wants to bring justice to me and clear his name, because I set him up
Omicron: But I want to show him that there is always something you must sacrifise
Omicron: And so, I have a contract for NightHawks
Omicron: Kill Clara Gilmore, the detective of San-Francisco CyberPolice Department
Vortex: NO!
Vortex: DON'T YOU DARE TO DRAG HER IN
Omicron: Excuse me?
Omicron: But it is you who dragged her in that dangerous case and made her to dig under me
Omicron: She is a clever girl, but I am always one step ahead
Omicron: So, I can provide her location to NightHawks right now
Slayer: I am ready, 125k for a detective job
Omicron: It is sold then!
Vortex: WAIT!
Omicron: What is it, Cypher?
Vortex: DON'T kill her, let it be me
Omicron: Self sacrifice? Hmm, I can respect that
Vortex: And after I am done with the Slayer, I will come to you
Vortex: It is our matter
Vortex: Don't involve anyone else
Omicron: Hmm...
Omicron: Ok, change of plans
Omicron: @channel I have a job to all of you
Omicron: We are going to hit an FBI Database and all of you would have an opportunity to wipe of all your personal data and start a new life
Omicron: But you need tools for that
Omicron: Luckily, Vortex knows an address of a Police Asset server
Omicron: But in case of his bad memory, I'll drop a link here
Omicron: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Asset Server#%#90.91.183.142
Omicron: @channel But as you can see, it is protected with advanced EnTech security protocols
Omicron: I have a special tool to break EnSec, but we can't breach whitelist yet
Omicron: I know a place where we can get what we need
Omicron: But to make it more interesting, Vortex will be leading this operation
Omicron: I will upload a .dll that helps to break EnSec to Vortex's PC, and then you can attack an archive of EnTech that contains whitelist breach tools
Omicron: Vortex can give that .dll to NightHawks, by uploading it in /home folder of this server, or he can unite with his girlfriend against me
Omicron: So, @Vortex, you have a pretty simple choice: upload .dll file to this server's /home folder if you want to unite with NightHawks, and I promise Clara won't be harmed and we would settle our matter
Omicron: Alternatively, you can send it to Clara's Workstation's /home folder and unite with her. But I am warning you, NightHawks will attack you both, and you may not see me ever again
Omicron: You can't use this .dll youself, you need a partner who can make a valid .exe
Omicron: So...
Omicron: Choose wisely


===Act 3===
---NightHawks path---
Omicron: @Vortex, looks like you made a decision
Omicron: @channel, Vortex stays with us!
Omicron: I think he deserves a pardon for all of his previous misconducts
Omicron: So, Jenkins, I assume now you can prepare us a fresh .exe file with unstopable power of breaking EnSec
Jenkins: On it, sir
Omicron: In the mean time, let me explain to all of you what is our mission's goal
Omicron: I managed to scout EnTech for a bit, and found some really messy vulnerabilities
Omicron: So that's how I got EnSec breaker, or EnBreak
Omicron: Somewhere there as well should be whitelist files that we need
Omicron: You have to scan everything around there and find these specific files: Token file, SecCore.dll, and any dump files you can find
Jenkins: EnBreak.exe is ready
Omicron: Great
Omicron: Now, upload it onto this server so everybody can have it
Jenkins: Done
Omicron: While you have that .exe, it will be automaticly run when you connect to the EnSec protected server
Omicron: Note, that it won't react to the older versions, so it is not universal
Omicron: Now, I hope Jenkins extracted our entry point
Omicron: Once you have EnBreak.exe on your computer, try to get access to EnTech network and get me specific files
Omicron: I'll leave a note if you forget
Omicron: !ATTACHMENT:note#%#File Names#%#Token file,SecCore.dll,any dump files
Omicron: Upload them on this server's /home folder, so I could get them
Maverick: Got it. Well Jenkins, where is our entry point?
Jenkins: Looking for it
Maverick: @Vortex, on Omicron's request, you will lead the operation
Maverick: I know that our relations are at a very fragile state now
Maverick: But let's see this through a business point of perspective
Maverick: You will get tools to fight Omicron, we will get tools for our future business
Maverick: Win-win situation
Maverick: Prophet will assist you with any portbraeking issues you could possibly have, he has personal tool collection
Prophet: I can spectate you through .dll that you dropped us, so if there is any problem with ports, I will help
Jenkins: Here is the entry point
Jenkins: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#EnTech Side Server#%#27.113.216.249

-During Mission-
Prophet: Transfer port is ready, SSL is next
Prophet: One down, one to go
Prophet: Halfway done, open the Default 21,22,25,80

-After hacking 3 nodes-
Omicron: @channel, Well done everybody
Omicron: Now I can make some juicy piece of software out of this
Maverick: What we will find on that Asset server?
Omicron: Something beautiful
Omicron: Yes, it is ready
Omicron: Gentlemen, I invite you to join me and upgrade your stash
Omicron: But before we break a wall, I think that we all should thank Vortex for his resourcefulness!
Vortex: Cut the crap
Omicron: Ooookaaay
Omicron: I think it is a right time to settle our matter
Omicron: Get all possible tools from your previous home base and we can have our epic final battle
Omicron: Oh, and of course I am asking NightHawks to loot that place as well
Omicron: And destroy everything there after my command
Omicron: Opening access in 5...
Omicron: 4...
Omicron: 3...
Omicron: 2...
Omicron: 1...
Omicron: @channel, go and take everything from there!
Omicron: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Asset Server#%#90.91.183.142

-After getting tools-
Omicron: @channel, Okay people
Omicron: Destroy that place and all connected servers
Omicron: It is time when we can fight back not just police, but Feds as well!
Maverick: Yes! Finally we have power that we supposed to have
Jenkins: Nothing will stop us right now!
Omicron: Yes, that's right
Omicron: Enjoy your power and prove to everyone that you are unstoppable!
Maverick: Yes!
Jenkins: That's right!
Slayer: Yeah!

---Clara Path---
Omicron: @Vortex, looks like you made a decision
Omicron: @channel, Alright folks, I think Vortex is not willing to cooperate with you anymore
Omicron: I guess he doesn't want to give you all advanced portbreakers and will try to take everything for him and his girlfriend to fight me
Omicron: That means, I am hiring NightHawks to attack these loverbirds
Omicron: Good luck Vortex
Omicron: You are going to need it...
!ANNOUNCEMENT! VORTEX HAS BEEN RESTRICTED FROM CHAT @channel

!ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL IS ACTIVE @channel
Clara: What have you sent me just now?
Clara: I am kinda busy here and it is dangerous to contact each other that frequently
Vortex: It is him! Omicron
Vortex: He wants to attack FBI server to wipe personal info
Vortex: But he needs a crew, so he offered that job to the NightHawks
Vortex: They need better tools, so they want to get to our PD Asset server!
Clara: It is protected with EnTech protocols, it should be safe
Vortex: That .dll I dropped you? It is an EnSec breaker
Vortex: You can make a valid .exe and breach through EnSec somehow
Clara: Our infrastructure is whitelisted as well, I don't see a direct threat
Clara: You sure it is Omicron who contacted you?
Vortex: YES!
Vortex: Analyze that .dll, it should contain some clues to find a place where Omicron can get a tool that allows to avoid whitelist
Vortex: It is a contract that he tried to offer to NightHawks with my help
Clara: You refused? So there is no cover anymore?
Vortex: Yes, I am on my own again, but I need to stop them before they figure out something else
Vortex: I am disconnected from their chat
Vortex: I don't know what Omicron is telling them, but they want to attack both of us, and Omicron is got info on YOU as well
Clara: I made a research
Clara: Maybe you were right...
Clara: Looks like he is back
Vortex: What should we do? What do you see in that .dll?
Clara: It is...
Clara: A genius code...
Clara: It is definetly his work of art
Vortex: I know that already, what else?
Clara: Hmm. Looks like it is a modified code from one of the EnTech servers, most probably EnSec and other protocls related
Vortex: So the thing that can help NightHawks to avoid whitelist could be there?
Clara: Probably
Clara: But what is your angle? What exactly you want to do?
Vortex: I need to wipe everything that in theory can give NightHawks and Omicron an access to Police servers
Clara: You want to raid EnTech? That's insane!
Vortex: In my perspective, letting a neo-nazi hacker group to gain access to a hacker tools digital vault is more dangerous than violating a policy of an EnTech inc.
Vortex: You have a .dll that can break EnSec, I just need a valid .exe and I won't endanger you any longer
Clara: You want to raid them by yourself???
Vortex: Clara, I've endangered you several times now. It is my justice manner, nobody else should suffer because of me
Clara: And you think I will let you go on a suicide mission when you have to fight against everyone?
Clara: Against a genius criminal mastermind?
Clara: Against a powerful hacker group that now hunts you?
Clara: Against a huge corporation and their security protocols?
Clara: On your own?
Clara: I've not made a decision about you yet, Captain
Clara: Never the less, I will support you on this one
Vortex: Thank you Clara
Clara: Ok, I got the .exe that can help us, but I can't transfer it to you safely
Clara: SFCPD would notice
Clara: You can use exe trough me for now
Clara: I've created a file on this server's /bin folder, change IP to an actual address where EnSec is embedded and I will send you an admin pass
Clara: Just remember that this one works with new version of EnSec, older versions are not detected by .dll
Clara: Let's check this on Source of that .dll
Clara: If Omicron wants to find whitelist breaker, we should start our search from there
Clara: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#EnTech Side Server#%#27.113.216.249
Clara: Simply change IP text in INPUT.txt on this server to that address and it should work

!ANNOUNCEMENT! Admin=FIHef3ih @channel
Clara: Try it

Clara: @Vortex, well?
Vortex: It worked!
Clara: Great, now scan everything around and delete everything that has "whitelist", it is only clue
Clara: I will help you as well. Apperantly there is a way I can spectate now after you, but I suppose Omicron can do that as well
Vortex: How?
Clara: Through that .dll
Clara: I can help you by breaking some ports, but NightHawks can interfere as well, so be careful
Clara: Good luck!

-During Mission-
Clara: I managed to open one of the ports, SSL is next
Clara: Got the Transfer, SSL is on the way
Clara: One is done, wait for the SSL

-After hacking 3 nodes-
Clara: @Vortex, We did it?
Vortex: Yeah, I think that is all of them
Vortex: They won't get anything useful from those servers
Clara: Phew, that's a relief
Clara: That was hell of a risky move
Vortex: Not entirely legal, huh?
Clara: Yeah, that too
Vortex: Ok, NightHawks won't have any tools
Vortex: And Omicron doesn't have active allies for now
Vortex: I have to find him and strike before he disappears or he finds another crew
Clara: Do you have any plan?
Vortex: Not exactly, I still need tools
Vortex: We protected them, but I kind of need them as well
Vortex: So please tell me if there is a way I could get them
Clara: I am thinking
Clara: I can forward a limited access, that way you can get EnBreak as well
Vortex: SFCPD won't find out?
Clara: I will be okay, but you should delete the logs after you download all tools that you need
Clara: Remember that Police still can see your logs, so do it quickly
Vortex: And how would I get admin access?
Clara: With your credentials, Captain
Vortex: Oh, I forgot already that I still have them
Clara: Remind me your IP please
Vortex: #PLAYER_IP#
Clara: Okay, you can connect now, but be quick about it
Clara: Take all tools, that you don't have and delete the logs after that
Clara: I'll try to stop anyone else from connecting to the server, but not for long
Clara: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Asset Server#%#90.91.183.142

-After getting tools-
Clara: @Vortex, You done?
Vortex: Yep, I am fully armed now
Clara: That's good, but do you know how to get to the Omicron now?
Vortex: Look through EnSecBreach.dll once more, maybe there are some tags that can show source IP
Clara: Okay
Clara: Wait...
Clara: He can still watch us through it

---DECIDE Sequence---
-Clara Path-
Omicron: You really thought that NightHawks attacked you directly?
Omicron: You trigered their traps while they were up to something more important
Omicron: Their main target
Omicron: Is Clara
Omicron: Together we prepared a little surprise for her
Omicron: I think killing her won't achieve anything good for me
Omicron: But I always need a scapegoat that I can blame for my actions in front of the Police
Omicron: And it would be 10 times better if it will be a cop
Omicron: So I came up with a great idea
Omicron: If you refuse to revenge me after what I did to you
Omicron: Then let me try to do the same thing with Clara
Omicron: Maybe she will be more suitable candidate
Omicron: And after going through condemnation of society, same as you
Omicron: She will be a proof of my theory of how this disgusting world works
Omicron: Or will rot in a prison cell
Omicron: Now it is time to prove yourself as a Captain
Omicron: You need to decide what is more important to you
Omicron: Revenge for the past
Omicron: Or imaginary justice
Omicron: That you won't achieve in the end
Omicron: While I am uploading newly made Clara's dirty files to the FBI
Omicron: You can get to my network and extract my location and get to me once and for all
Omicron: You can arrest me, you can kill me, you can do whatever you want with me
Omicron: Alternatively, you can find source files that are transmitting to FBI and save Clara
Omicron: But that won't stop me and my future projects
Omicron: Oh, and belive me
Omicron: They will be disastrous
Omicron: With a lot of people dead
Omicron: Because of you
Omicron: You won't have enough time to do both targets
Omicron: You can either extract a geolocation file from my proxy
Omicron: Or delete Clara files on my archive
Omicron: You have something about two minutes
Omicron: Well?
Omicron: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

-NightHawks Path-
Omicron: Look what you've done
Omicron: You gave a neo-nazi group the power they were dreaming about
Omicron: Now they can do whatever they want
Omicron: Thanks to you
Omicron: They will wreak chaos
Omicron: And destroy everyone who is not strong enough for them
Omicron: But you've become stronger as well
Omicron: You can finally match me
Omicron: But first we need to be sure that nobody will disturb us
Omicron: It would be a shame if someone will intervene in our matter
Omicron: I made NighHawks busy with their new toys
Omicron: While I can still worry that only one person is left who can ruin our party
Omicron: Clara Gilmore
Omicron: A brilliant detective that have become one of the best in her PD
Omicron: Because of your failure by the way
Omicron: She used you, to finally get to the top
Omicron: And become a Captain as well
Omicron: But now you are more powerful than ever
Omicron: There are no laws that control you
Omicron: No rules
Omicron: You are the master of your fate
Omicron: You have only one obstacle on your way of vengence
Omicron: Me
Omicron: And while I am uloading compromising files of Clara that I made
Omicron: So she would be out of the game
Omicron: You can find my location file
Omicron: You can arrest me, you can kill me, you can do whatever you want with me
Omicron: Alternatively, you can find source files that are transmitting to FBI and save Clara
Omicron: But that won't stop me and my future projects
Omicron: Oh, and belive me
Omicron: They will be disastrous
Omicron: With a lot of people dead
Omicron: Because of you
Omicron: You won't have enough time to do both targets
Omicron: You can either extract a geolocation file from my proxy
Omicron: Or delete Clara files on my archive
Omicron: You have something about two minutes
Omicron: Well?
Omicron: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

---Failing DECIDE---
Omicron: 
You are out of time
How can you call yourself a Captain
When you can't make a decision?
That's just pathetic
I am disappointed in you, Cypher
You were supposed to decide
How our story would end
But you have failed
Now Clara won't have a chance to clear her name
Same as you
And you didn't catched me as well
What a pitty
For some reason
After everything we had
I have some feelings towards you
That bond between us
It makes me to give you one last chance
If you fail again
You will die
Simple as that

I feel that you are angry at me
But even more
At yourself
So let that hate and anger flow through you
And get to me at last
Follow my voice
40.15.214.30
Delete my PC's Core.dll
If you want to end me


===ENDINGS===
---Ending 1 - total failure, Cypher dies---
--Probable dialog with NightHawks - Option 1--
Vortex: @channel, I've got Omicron's location file! We need to decipher it!
Maverick: No, YOU need to decipher it, we are not interested in hurting our benefactor
Vortex: You've got to help me damn it!
Vortex: I need him dead for all his actions!
Vortex: I'VE GOT THAT FUCKING ASSET SERVER OPEN FOR YOU!
Vortex: PAY SOME RESPECT FUCKERS!
Prophet: I helped you as well, you know
Deladello: We all contributed one way or another
Deladello: You wouldn't even meet Omicron if it wasn't us who gave you that opportunity
Maverick: So it is you who should pay respects, leech
Maverick: Let's review your actions
(TAB lines are indicating answers according player's actions)
	Maverick: You became one of us thanks to Jester's/Repulse's mistake
		Maverick: You became one of us after finishing personal matter of Jester/Repulse
	Maverick: Led a good stats on contracts
	Maverick: You helped us to complete Venomous Snake operation
		Maverick: You personally executed 58 people during Venomous Snake operation
			Maverick: You sabotaged Venomous Snake operation
	Maverick: You refused to help us with the Police Asset server job
		Maverick: You helped us to get inside Police Asset server
Maverick: And finally gained Omicron's location file
Maverick: You have some guts in you, but we won't be partners anymore
Maverick: At least because of your Police origin
Maverick: Though we will make one last move to help you and will decipher that location file
Maverick: And then you can have fight with Omicron with no chance of winning of course
Maverick: Jenkins, make it done
Jenkins: @Vortex, drop the location file in /home folder of this server

Jenkins: Got it, gonna be done soon
Maverick: @Vortex, you will get Omicron's location and will forget about us forever
Maverick: Is that clear to you?
Vortex: Loud and clear
Maverick: We will change our hub to another server
Maverick: Don't try to search for us
Maverick: Or you will have a romantic evening with Slayer
Jenkins: Ok, just a few more moments
Maverick: Delete everything on Omicron's PC if you want to hurt him
Maverick: He most probably has EnSec but you've got the EnBreak
Maverick: But I don't think you will stand a chance
Jenkins: Ok, here it is
Jenkins: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Omicron's PC#%#40.15.214.30
Maverick: Farewell. And don't come back...

--Probable dialog with NightHawks - Option 2--
!ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL HAS BEEN RESETED @channel
Maverick: Scan the setup as he said
Maverick: Wait, what the fuck?
Vortex: Didn't expect that I will remember how your Hub is working?
Maverick: What the fuck do you want?
Vortex: I've got Omicron's location file! I need to decipher it!
Maverick: And why the fuck do you think we will help?
Maverick: After turning us down
Vortex: We can hit him together and get his personal tool collection
Maverick: There is no WE between us, leech
Vortex: Then we will go separate ways, but we all can have the address
Vortex: Think, you can sell it to the Feds or other hackers
Maverick: Feds? Yeah, you are truly rotten rat after all
Maverick: But in fact we can use this info one way or another
Maverick: Jenkins will decipher it and after that, don't you even dare to search for us
Vortex: I just need an IP
Vortex: That crazy fucker must die
Maverick: I think your odds are small
Maverick: But that's even better
Jenkins: @Vortex, drop the location file in /home folder of this server

Jenkins: Okay, give me some time
Maverick: @Vortex, you will get Omicron's location and will forget about us forever
Maverick: Is that clear to you?
Vortex: Loud and clear
Maverick: We will change our hub to another server
Maverick: Don't try to search for us
Maverick: Or you will have a romantic evening with Slayer
Jenkins: Ok, just a few more moments
Maverick: Delete everything on Omicron's PC if you want to hurt him
Maverick: He most probably has EnSec but you've got the EnBreak
Maverick: But I don't think you will stand a chance
Jenkins: Ok, here it is
Jenkins: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Omicron's PC#%#40.15.214.30
Maverick: Farewell. And don't come back...

---Bossfight---

----------------------------DEBUG----------------------------
|Backdoor.sip CAN'T FIND A ROOT ELEMENT!--------------------|
|ERROR 256--------------------------------------------------|
|ERROR 144--------------------------------------------------|
|CORE NOT FOUND!--------------------------------------------|
|CRITICAL ERROR 45------------------------------------------|
|NULL POINT-------------------------------------------------|
|IMPOSSIBLE FILEPATH----------------------------------------|
|RETRYING---------------------------------------------------|
|FAILED ATTEMPT 1-------------------------------------------|
|FAILED ATTEMPT 2-------------------------------------------|
|FAILED ATTEMPT 3-------------------------------------------|
|FAILED ATTEMPT 4-------------------------------------------|
|FAILED ATTEMPT 5-------------------------------------------|
|ABORTING---------------------------------------------------|
-----------------------------END-----------------------------

Omicron: 
The end?..
You thought that I will hold my entire system in one file?
Who do you think I am?
You have to do better than that
Now it is my turn to strike you
Prepare to defend yourself

HACKNET_OS ALERT!
SYSTEM DESTRUCTION RISK!
Session.dll FILE IS TRANSMITTING VIRUS DATA!
FIND SOURCE COMPUTER, LOCATE THE FOLLOWING FILE AND DELETE IT!
DATA UPLOAD WILL BE FINISHED IN APPROXIMATELY 4 MINUTES!
10 GATEWAYS DETECTED, PREPARING TARGITING SCRIPT...
GATEWAYS WILL BE DISPLAYED ON NETMAP ONE AT A TIME

UPLOAD: % COMPLETE

UI CONTROL REGAINED

CRITICAL ERROR: UI MODULES ARE CORRUPTED!
POSSIBILITY OF UNSTABLE FUNCTIONING!
SOURCE IS LOCATED!
DELETE Session.dll
204.63.174.159

Omicron: 
That was close
You almost had me
At least that is what you think
But in reality
You never were so far from me as it is now
Chasing your own tail
Like a stupid dog
That's who you really are
I had big hopes about you
You were supposed to become my greatest project
But I was wrong
You are a complete failure
There is no need to continue our interaction
You are too weak to carry out my plans
So I've sent a babysitter after you
You know what led you here?
Indecision and uncertainty
You don't understand what are you fighting for
You are trying to make things right but you don't know what is 'right'
Your anger is not enough
You need sacrifices and make others fear you
That is how this world works
Changing horses in midstream won't lead you to anything good
That is the lesson you should learn
Farewell Cypher...

*BOOM*

---Ending 2 - vengeance achieved, Omicron dies---
Vortex: @channel, Congrats to everyone, we are one of the most powerful hackers in US now!
Vortex: I know we are most probably will go separate ways
Vortex: But I think there is one last job that I can provide to you
Vortex: To kill and rob multimillionaire hacker: Omicron
Vortex: He thinks that you are little monkeys with big guns now
Vortex: But I know all of you have limitless potential
Maverick: We have a plenty of power now
Vortex: You want to go against your own Oath?
Vortex: If you can become stronger, then you must become stronger
Maverick: What do you have in mind?
Vortex: I want to dethrone Omicron, you can have his kingdom and I can have his soul
Vortex: Just remember what I did:
	Vortex: I tricked your external operative, Jester/Repulse, into police trap
		Vortex: I made (my ex-colleague, Javis Williamson/an honorable policeman, Allan Turner), a dirtbag to get inside your group
			Vortex: I destroyed (my ex-colleague Javis Williamson/an honorable policeman, Allan Turner,) and made him go suicide
	Vortex: I led a good stats on contracts
	Vortex: I helped you to kill 58 people
		Vortex: I made a decision to kill 58 people
	Vortex: I helped you to destroy Police Infrastructure
Vortex: And finally: gained Omicron's location file!
Vortex: I am valuebale asset to you, that fits your style now as well
Vortex: So let's do some business
Maverick: You have his location?
Vortex: Not sure what is inside but we can extract details together
Vortex: You can take all of his money, and I just want to kill him
Vortex: Win-win situation, just like you love it
Maverick: Okay, Jenkins will analize the file
Jenkins: @Vortex, drop the location file in /home folder of this server

Jenkins: Got it, gonna be done soon
Maverick: @Vortex, so how exactly do you want to attack him?
Vortex: We need to locate him, and then Slayer will handle him
Vortex: Meanwhile, you can take his network once we are inside his real PC, not some dummy gateway
Maverick: Ok, what about his defence?
Vortex: Most probably there gonna be some security systems
Vortex: That cover his PC from our scanners
Vortex: But then he must use some kind of Sequencer to operate in stealth
Maverick: So what? Where we can find it?
Vortex: I really doubt that he will leave his real address in that file and it is most definitely a trap
Vortex: But when it is active, we can scout a part of his network that is connected to his PC somehow, like through Sequencer as I said
Maverick: So we need to trigger a trap and then we wil see a breach in his security?
Vortex: Yep
Maverick: And who is gonna be the bait?
Vortex: Me of course
Vortex: He awaits me
Vortex: I will play his little game while you guys will strike from behind
Deladello: Risky move but sounds epic
Jenkins: Okay, I've done with that file, from what I can see it is a dummy PC, that connected through Core.dll file in /sys folder
Jenkins: I bet he just waits when you will strike first
Vortex: Ok, analyze all processes on that dummy while I am having fun with that cocksucker
Jenkins: Yeah, delete Core.dll and that will trigger some kind of trap for you
Maverick: We will watch for any crack in his security
Jenkins: Ok, here's IP
Jenkins: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Omicron's PC#%#40.15.214.30

-After Bossfight-
Prophet: @channel, I've got it!
Maverick: What is it?
Prophet: He is linked through OSequenser.exe
Vortex: Well, as I thought
Vortex: Everybody ready for final strike?
Prophet: Sure as hell
Maverick: Of course
Jenkins: Yep
Deladello: As always
Slayer: Ready
Vortex: You should strike all simple ports like 21, 22, 25, 80
Vortex: And 211, since I can't do it myself
Vortex: I will take firewall and rest of the ports
Maverick: Gentlemen, it is time for a big hack
Maverick: Download Omicron's netcfgx.dll
Maverick: @channel, activate your OSequensers when you are ready

-After Omicron hack (some phrases will appear if player failed ScreenBleed)-
Maverick: @channel, We did it??
Prophet: Yeah, I think we are good  (Vortex dropped but I managed to get in and extract all files)
Maverick: Yeees
Jenkins: I took his tokens from sys libs  (I took his tokens from sys libs and copied netcfgx.dll on this server)
Jenkins: His money is ours now
Maverick: FUCK YEAH!
Vortex: See? Hell of a good job, people!
Vortex: I have only one favor to ask
Maverick: Sure thing
Vortex: Slayer, I need to kill him now
Slayer: No probs, just upload his netcfgx.dll on drop server that I will send
Maverick: Great job everybody!
Maverick: Vortex, we are grateful to you for this contract
Maverick: I hope you will satisfy your vengeance at last
Slayer: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#KILLER'S JOINT#%#157.94.166.221

Omicron: 
You did it
I am going to be dead soon
You won
You are stronger than me now
What a master manipulator you are
If you tricked NightHawks to cooperate with you
You have enormous power now
You know that everyone will talk about you now
An infamous hacker Vortex
I didn't expect
That you
.........
*cough*
He got me pretty bad
But I am gonna bleed to death anyway
And that's what you want, right?
You think that you won
But look at yourself
Who are you now?..
One of the most vile criminals that I knew
You are no longer Cypher Mendes
Now, you are Vortex
An unstoppable king of hacker world
And everybody will fear and respect you
You finally get my theory
You proved it
Under right circumstances
Even a saint can become devil himself
But now
You are worse than devil
*laugh*
*cough*
It all make
Sense
Now...
...

---Ending 3 - neutral, Clara refuses to help---
-Option 1-
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CHANNEL HAS BEEN RESETED @channel
Clara: The fuck?..
Vortex: Clara, listen to me
Vortex: I've just saved your ass from Omicron
Vortex: And we need to strike him back no matter what!
Clara: What happened?
Vortex: Omicron tried to do to you the same thing he did to me
Vortex: Make you outlaw
Vortex: Uploading a fabricated dirt files on you to FBI
Clara: That doesn't make any sense, I am innocent
Vortex: I did nothing wrong as well and look at me
Vortex: Feds won't take 'I am innocent' as an argument
Vortex: And Omicron has a lot of experience of making scapegoats, I am sure of it
Vortex: I could've find his location but for some reason decided to save you
Vortex: So it is your turn to help me
Clara: Did I asked you to do so?
Vortex: What the fuck do you mean? I JUST SAVED YOU
Clara: And I didn't asked you to do so
Clara: I know that you are responsible for an attack on our servers
Clara: Your NightHawks buddies are gone mad and destroying our infrastructure
Clara: It will be a pure chaos soon
Clara: So yeah, you are not so innocent, Vortex, and I am not willing to help you
Clara: And sure as fuck not asking you to help me one way or another
Vortex: What I did wrong, huh?
Clara: Oh, I can tell you, I made a research on you, Vortex
Clara: So here is the list of your actions:
	Clara: You found a way to achieve justice and saved (Javis from Repulse/an honorable policeman from Jester)
		Clara: You helped Repulse and made Javis go suicide (You helped Jester and made an honorable policeman go suicide)
			Clara: You helped Repulse and decided that your operative is just some meet that you can sacrifice! (You helped Jester and decided that an honorable policeman is just some meet that you can sacrifice!)
	Clara: You participated in murdering of 58 people
		Clara: You decided to kill 58 people just to get to the Omicron
			Clara: You saved 58 people in NLH Hospital
	Clara: We saved our Police infrastructure from NightHawks
		Clara: You helped NightHawks to destroy our Police infrastructure
Clara: Not so innocent after all  (You were good more or less but in the end you fucked everything up)
Vortex: Shit...
Vortex: I...
Clara: I don't recognize my old Captain Mendes
Clara: Who always says that there is a way to make things right to justice
Clara: Now I only see a man who obsessed with vengeance and nothing more
Clara: Why you saved me then? Some moral strings are being pulled inside of you?
Vortex: I can see it now
Vortex: My god, what I've turned into...
Clara: A monster, that is who you really are
Vortex: I am so sorry Clara, I was so furious and failed to see how many bad things I made
Vortex: It's not supposed to be like that...
Clara: I don't trust you and I don't want to talk to you anymore
Clara: Your actions are terrible and unforgivable
Clara: I can only agree on one thing
Clara: Omicron is a threat, but he must be in jail, not just killed
Clara: I will start that hunt and will make things right, without any sacrifices
Vortex: Wait, you can't bring him down alone, he will turn things upside down really quickly!
Clara: I won't listen to you any longer
Clara: It is just such a pitty that a good man turned into such a monstrosity
Vortex: I won't go after Omicron if that requires more violence or sacrifices, I understand my mistakes and...
Vortex: Fuck, I'll just drop that case and wait for better moment so I don't have to become monster once again
Clara: I am not interested in your self remorse
Clara: You made actions and you face consequences
Clara: That's my point of view
Clara: Farewell...
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CLARA HAS BEEN DELETED @channel
Vortex: Clara?..
Vortex: Don't do this to me...
Vortex: No...
Vortex: ...

-Option 2-
Clara: @Vortex, what the hell happened?
Vortex: Clara, listen to me
Vortex: I've just saved you from Omicron
Vortex: And we need to strike him back no matter what!
Clara: What happened?
Vortex: Omicron tried to do to you the same thing he did to me
Vortex: Make you outlaw
Vortex: Uploading a fabricated dirt files on you to FBI
Clara: That doesn't make any sense, I am innocent
Vortex: I did nothing wrong as well and look at me
Vortex: Feds won't take 'I am innocent' as an argument
Vortex: And Omicron has a lot of experience of making scapegoats, I am sure of it
Vortex: I need your help
Clara: Captain, you seem to be obsessed with Omicron
Vortex: What do you mean?
Clara: I mean your actions are controversial
Clara: I know that we saved Asset server from these punks
Clara: But still, you made sacrifices that you didn't have to
Vortex: What I did wrong?
Vortex: You know how hard it is to be udercover?
Vortex: It is pure hell
Vortex: Not to mention that I am outlaw
Clara: I made a research on you, Captain
Clara: So here is the list of your actions:
	Clara: You found a way to achieve justice and saved (Javis from Repulse/an honorable policeman from Jester)
		Clara: You helped Repulse and made Javis go suicide (You helped Jester and made an honorable policeman go suicide)
			Clara: You helped Repulse and decided that your operative is just some meet that you can sacrifice! (You helped Jester and decided that an honorable policeman is just some meet that you can sacrifice!)
	Clara: You participated in murdering of 58 people
		Clara: You decided to kill 58 people just to get to the Omicron
			Clara: You saved 58 people in NLH Hospital
	Clara: We saved our Police infrastructure from NightHawks
		Clara: You helped NightHawks to destroy our Police infrastructure
Clara: Not so innocent after all
Vortex: Shit...
Vortex: I...
Clara: I don't recognize my old Captain Mendes
Clara: Who always says that there is a way to make things right to justice
Clara: Now I only see a man who obsessed with vengeance and nothing more
Clara: Why you saved me then? Some moral strings are being pulled inside of you?
Vortex: I can see it now
Vortex: My god, what I've turned into...
Clara: I don't know anymore
Vortex: I am so sorry Clara, I was so furious and failed to see how many bad things I made
Vortex: It's not supposed to be like that...
Clara: I don't trust you and I don't want to talk to you anymore  
Clara: Your actions are questionable
Clara: I can only agree on one thing
Clara: Omicron is a threat and he must be in jail
Clara: I will start that hunt and will make things right, without any sacrifices
Vortex: Wait, you can't bring him down alone, he will turn things upside down really quickly!
Clara: I won't listen to you any longer
Clara: It is just such a pitty that a good man has fallen into oblivion of vengeance 
Vortex: I won't go after Omicron if that requires more violence or sacrifices, I understand my mistakes and...
Vortex: Fuck, I'll just drop that case and wait for better moment so I don't have to become monster once again
Clara: I am not interested in your self remorse
Clara: You made actions and you face consequences
Clara: That's my point of view
Clara: Farewell...
Clara: !ANNOUNCEMENT! CLARA HAS BEEN DELETED @channel
Vortex: Clara?..
Vortex: Don't do this to me...
Vortex: No...
Vortex: ...

CONCLUSION: 
Cypher Mendes realised, that he is being manipulated
And decides to drop Omicron case for better times
Clara Gilmore continues to investigate the case of that mysterious and powerful hacker
But details are unknown
The only thing that is known for sure
Omicron case in not closed yet...
Cypher is still outlaw, but managed to find an anonymous PI firm
He is now one of the agents
And continues to fight crime
Even if he is officially a criminal himself
6 months passed since Cypher and Clara talked for the last time
Cypher is no longer thinking about vengeance
And simply enjoys his new job as a detective
But one day
All nodes on his NetMap disappeared
Someone got his attention
But is it a friend
Or Enemy?..

-Clara Epilogue-
Clara: Hello @#PLAYERNAME#
Agent 47: What the?..
Agent 47: CLARA?
Agent 47: Oh my god, it is so good to see you!
Agent 47: How are you?
Agent 47: And how did you managed to find me?
Clara: Not so good, I need help
Agent 47: Sure darling, anything you need, what is it?
Clara: I am looking for Omicron
Agent 47: Still chasing him? Yeah, a tricky one
Agent 47: It's been half a year, Jesus, time flies
Clara: I am not in the mood, will you help or not?
Agent 47: Sure, what exactly do you want?
Clara: I want to cut his head off, put it on a spear and make a nice BBQ
Agent 47: Clara, you are scaring me...
Clara: You know what that fucker did?
Clara: Made me outlaw!
Agent 47: Oh my god...
Agent 47: How are you holding up? Do you have a safe spot?
Clara: I am not holding up, I am sleeping with random jerks for food and shelter
Clara: HOW THE FUCK DO YOU THINK I AM HOLDING UP?
Agent 47: Clara, I...
Clara: You either help me to kill him, or you are gonna be on my death list as well
Agent 47: I... What ARE you now?
Clara: Same old Ms. Gilmore
Clara: You are in or out?
Agent 47: I don't...
Clara: In...
Clara: Or Out...
Agent 47: ....

---Ending 4 - Happy-End---
Vortex: @Clara, are you okay???
Clara: What just happened?
Vortex: Omicron tried to set you up just like me
Vortex: I prevented the upload to the FBI servers
Vortex: He made some files that can compromise you
Clara: But I am innocent
Vortex: I know that, but we tampered inside EnTech
Vortex: And I think that Omicron can place your tracks on some criminal servers
Vortex: Same happened to me 2 months back
Clara: Yeah...
Vortex: We need to drop the case for some time, this is too dangerous for both of us
Vortex: He will make us do something that will turn us into monsters or will kill us
Clara: But he is a big danger to everyone
Vortex: I know, but we don't have anything to begin with, he is most probably gone dark again
Vortex: I could've get his location file, but I can't sacrifice you or anybody else
Vortex: We should just stay out of it for a while
Vortex: Just to remain dignity and not to fall in the pit of vengeance
Clara: I know you made some questionable actions while you were undercover
Clara: But now I believe that your soul is still in right place
Clara: You are right, sacrifices won't get us anywhere except his traps
Clara: But there is gotta be something we can do!
Vortex: I am out of ideas, maybe he left something on your PC?
Clara: Let me check...
Clara: I think that he downloaded a few of my files with help of the EnSecBreach.dll
Clara: Maybe I can find an address where data were transmitting to
Vortex: Be careful there
Clara: I think I got it
Clara: But I don't think that this is his real PC
Clara: Most probably a dummy with a trap
Vortex: So what should we do?
Clara: Look, he tried to manipulate you for a long time
Clara: To make you a bad person
Clara: And so I would refuse to help you
Clara: That's his plan according to my researches
Vortex: Why does he want me to turn vile?
Clara: Maybe he looks for successor
Clara: Don't know for sure
Clara: The point is, he awaits you
Clara: Maybe you can try to get to him while I will look for any security breaches
Vortex: So I am the bait, huh?
Clara: Yep, I think it is only way to get to him now
Clara: I will give you the link and you should delete everything there
Clara: That will attract him and most probably he will attack
Clara: While both of you are busy, I will look for a way to get to his real PC
Vortex: I guess it is only way
Clara: Be careful, Cypher
Clara: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Omicron's PC#%#40.15.214.30

-After Bossfight-
Clara: @Vortex, Found it!
Clara: We can get to him now!
Vortex: I had it pretty rough, hope that it's worth it
Clara: He is controlling everything from his PC through Sequencer
Clara: We can use it and OSequencer.exe is going to redirect us straight to Omicron
Vortex: But we won't have much time, right?
Clara: Yep, so here is the plan
Clara: I will take common ports, like 21, 22, 25, 80 and 211
Clara: You will take others and firewall
Clara: Got it?
Vortex: Yeah, and once inside, I should get his netcfgx.dll?
Clara: Yes, download it and we can send it to the Police
Clara: It should contain all info about him, and location, he can't dodge it
Vortex: So this is it? Final hack?
Clara: Looks that way
Clara: In any case, it is honor to work with you Captain
Vortex: Same, Ms. Gilmore
Clara: @Vortex, activate OSequencer and let's bring the justice

-After Omicron hack (some phrases will appear if player failed ScreenBleed)-
Clara: @Vortex, We did it??  (@Vortex, What happened??)
Vortex: Yes, I made it!  (Shit, I was dropped from the server!)
Clara: Great Job, Cypher!  (Then I saved you this time, because I've got the file, it is in /home folder of this server!)
(Vortex: WOW, nice!!)
Clara: Only one thing left
Clara: Upload it to the police
Vortex: Am I having honors then?  (Are you having honors then?)
Clara: Well you got the file so yeah  (No, I think it will be right if you do it)
Clara: You should upload it
Vortex: Can you give an IP?
Clara: Sure, I will give you IP of Santa-Rosa's PD, they are not EnTech protected so you won't have problems there
Vortex: Thank you
Clara: Moment of truth
Clara: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Santa-Rosa Police Department#%#175.102.196.84

Omicron: 
No...
It is not supposed to end like this
Clara should hate you
You were supposed to become most vile criminal
So you could take my place
Otherwise Clara is next candidate
But she is on your side
One of you should've become my successor!
AND THEN KILL ME!
That was my plan
That was my theory
This world is controlled by fear, hate and anger
They are the most powerful motivators
You know what is the most useless thing in the world?
Justice
You know why?
Because there is no justice in this life

You don't believe me?
Then let me tell you my story
My mother was 20 when she gave birth to me
Year prior she was a regular student in Sacramento
She was transfered to the academy in San-Francisco because of her high results
But she couldn't integrate in new community of students
Because they were filthy rich kids and junkies
She didn't want to taste their lifestyle
And she was bullied for that
After a few months
She tried to change that and goes to the party
Tries cocaine
And becomes an addict
She was low on money
And decided to fuck with random guys for a dose
On one of those times, she becomes pregnant
That's how I was made

After my birth she was kicked out of academy
And we became a street trash
My mother used me to beg money from strangers
Tried to sell me in slavery
I hated her more than anything
I tried to call for help
I tried to go to the Police
But nobody wants to hear some dirty kid who is a son of a junkie whore
Then she tried heroin and became absolutely crazy
Her mind was burned to the ground
And on one day
She overdosed
Dead in her own vomit

You know what I've felt?
Satisfaction
If this world has any justice
THEN WHY WOULD IT MAKE A 12-YEARS OLD CHILD LAUGH ON HIS MOTHER'S DEATH??
Then I cried for 4 days straight
And only stopped because of the hunger

After that I was adopted
New parents were nice but always feared of me becoming junkie as well
I tried to prove the opposite
And killed a drug dealer

I thought I was hero
I saved another girl like my mom from turning into filthy creature
But I was sent to jail

What is that kind of justice then?
You don't know how it feels when you constantly live in society's condemnation
You can't prove to anyone anything because of your past
Nobody just gave shit about me

And then I became Omicron
I've learned a couple of things from prison
Including hacking
And only then people started to respect me
Only when I am giving them reason to fear me
If you are weak and kindly ask for help
Like I did in my childhood
Nobody will come and save you
And when you give people a reason to fear you
They do exactly as you want

So tell me
Is there any justice?

But you and Clara changed me right now
I understand that all that is happened to me was a bad luck
But there is always some limit that a man can hold
And my stress and anger was over any possible limits
I won't resist the arrest
But I will still justify my actions
It is me who destroyed Emalio cartel and saved San-Francisco from another wave of drugs
It is me who cleared DEA from moles
I made the city more clean
And free from drugs
I don't think that I made it worse for society

But you were supposed to become my successor
To take my anger inside and kill me
But you and Clara outplayed me
And proved that some people are not that disgusting

I guess it is right time to turn off my voice morpher
But I must at least keep some secrets
Farewell, Cypher and Clara
...

CONCLUSION: 
Sam Walker, also known as hacker Omicron has been arrested two months ago
Police tried to make him confess in his actions
But all this time he remains silent
Clara Gilmore became a new Captain of San-Francisco CyberPolice Department
And now she is one of the most successful detectives of California
Cypher Mendes disappeared after the Omicron apprehension and his current location is unknown
Despite the fact that Omicron will be in jail soon
That doesn't lift charges from Cypher

Clara reported to the FBI that hacker Vortex helped her to catch Omicron
But in the process he was killed by one of the assasins that Omicron sent after him
Later, Clara confirmed that Vortex's real name is Cypher Mendes
FBI closed the case of the ex-Captain due to his death being confirmed by Clara

One thing that Clara took from previous Captain are problems with the sleep
Each night she suffers from insomnia and tries to fall asleep by filing records on her laptop
But on 3 AM each night, she sends 36 reports to the main server and 1 report to unknown Drop server

That special report always starts with the same phrase...

Clara: Captain Mendes, I have new information for you



MISSIONS: DESCRIPTIONS AND DIARIES

---Intro---
EnTech: Police-exclusive copy of Hacknet_OS is activated!

Your workstation is attached to the San-Francisco CyberPolice Department and have whitelisted access. For further instructions, access your mail sevice, which is attached in this email.
	
			-EnTech auto-sender systems
			
			
---Mission 1 ---
--Cybervandalizm: Some trickster tried to have some fun with confidential promotion documents, now they are in mess, word DICK is everywhere!
But what's more important - this is a text for new ePhone presentation. We have to fix everything and find a guy's IP, before the whole world would know how much SFCPD suck--

-Good vandal = locked up vandal-

I knew you would pick up that mission. Me and Javis will cover the rest two.

Security Chief of the Pear company texted us with this news. He said it wouldn't be a problem for him, but there is just too little time left before presentation.

Sooo he left everything as it is, which means most probably you will find some tracks of that script kiddie.

I want his netcfgx.dll, you can find it in sys/, so we could research every other sin he made and then pack him up. When you get it, upload it to the Asset server's upload module.

Oh, and by the way, could you also replace DICK back to ePhone in the presentation file? Pretty please? You will find it with the logs and everything on PC that I linked.

-C

PRO TIP:
Use LOGS to find tracks of criminal's computer systems

GOALS:
1)GET INSIDE vandal's Battlestation and UPLOAD his netcfgx.dll to the ASSET server's upload dropbox
2)REPLACE word "DICK" to "ePhone" in presentation file


---Mission 1 ---
--Hacktivism: Prime suspect is a propagandist of communism and using very aggressive strategies.
We have to do something before young maximalists will react to it.--

-CyberStalin is back-

I knew you would pick up that mission. Me and Javis will cover the rest two.

This guy attacked news server and changed frontline to his absurd political propaganda.

We have to track an IP of his PC and pack him up. I will link a front-end server, but most probably you have to poke around and reveal mainframe to find some tracks of that guy.

As for access, that bastard changed Admin Passwords on entire infrastructre, wich means we have a green light on using crack tools.

Find his IP and crack him up, then get his netcfgx.dll from sys/ and upload to the Asset server's upload module. And we will know everything about him.

Good luck on this one!
    -C

PRO TIP:
Use LOGS to find tracks of criminal's computer systems

GOALS:
1)GET INSIDE propagandist's Battlestation and UPLOAD his netcfgx.dll to the ASSET server's upload dropbox


---Mission 1 ---
--Data Theft: Macrosoft has (well, technically HAD) a new security patch, that fixes a vulnerability, that allowed remote access through calculator proccess.
We need to recover it from a hacker and along the way get his internal file.--

-Catch a thief - Make the world better-

I knew you would pick up that mission. Me and Javis will cover the rest two.

That sneaky worm infiltrated into the Macrosoft workstation. It is supposed to be well protected, so my guess, he used some social engineering.

Macrosoft provided to us the access, I am linking it here. Find hacker's tracks, research his setup and recover the patch. Don't forget to place it back to the home/ folder of the Macrosoft workstation.

Oh, and of course, get his pesonal PC's netcfgx.dll from /sys folder, so we could analize his activity and pack him up.

Good luck!

    -C
	
PRO TIP:
Use LOGS to find tracks of criminal's computer systems

GOALS:
1)LOCATE Calculator_Patch.rar on one of the hacker's computers and UPLOAD it to the /home folder of the Macrosoft Workstation
2)UPLOAD hacker's personal computer's netcfgx.dll file to the ASSET server's upload dropbox


---Mission 2---
--Hacker Attack: Someone attacked San-Francisco's Medical Archive and stole a Med File from it.
Time to find that bastard and make him face justice.--

-Medical Confidentiality-

The administration provided us with limited access to the Medical Archive, so we could check the logs, and that's all we need.

We need to find out who is responsible for that attack and get his netcfgx.dll. It should be extracted from his homestation, not gateway or proxy, that won't help us to locate him.

Dig deeper Captain, we will help you along the way!

  -B
  
GOALS:
1)GET INSIDE hacker's personal computer and UPLOAD his netcfgx.dll to the ASSET server's upload dropbox


---Mission 4---
--Repulse's Interception: Finish today's hacker attack operation and locate the second hacker's homestation--

-Repulsive Type of Job-

Great to know you are eager to finish this matter, Captain!

Me and Bloyd analyzed that netcfgx.dll of Daedra's homestation. Remember they mentioned an IRC and some dropfile server? Well, we found them.

Bloyd got into filedrop server and working on getting to the client, that ordered this attack. He got a Med File of someone named Olivia Brooks, so that means it was confidentiality-break type of contract.

And you have to get inside their IRC server and find some way to get to the homestation of Repulse, get his netcfgx.dll and upload to the Asset server. Meantime, I will investigate about that Dynamic mail server, we haven't got a security certificate from them, meaning that they are not trustworthy service.

After this case, we can start a conference. Good luck to you Captain

  -J
  
GOALS:
1)GET INSIDE Repulse's personal computer and UPLOAD his netcfgx.dll to the ASSET server's upload dropbox


---Conference---
--Conference: When you feel that you finished everything else, we will start a conference with the FBI representative--

-Conference-

Our conference will be in online mode, with the FBI representative, agent Gale, and an EnTech's digital security assistant. When conference will finish, ONLY THEN click COMPLETE button


---Mission 5---
--Special Assignment--

-Hunt-

The only information we have now is an aderess of their gateway. Try to access their infrastructure through it and find their battlestations and get a copy of their netcfgx.dll to your PD Asset server's upload module
	
	I am providing you an IP in attachments
	
			-Diana
			
GOALS:
1)GET INSIDE Batlestations of hackers and UPLOAD their netcfgx.dll to the ASSET server's upload dropbox


---Omicron Attacks---
--Omicron--
-pst-
REPLY ME REPLY REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME REPLY ME


---Mission 6---
--Cypher--
-Diary-

It's been 2 months since I was put on the Federal Wanted List. 

FBI has raided digital infrastructure of the Emalio drug cartel. My IP was in there, I had admin access all over their secured servers somehow.

I had to move in Sacramento, from motel to motel, and finally I have a flat and laptop that I can use.

I saved Hacknet_OS before escaping and installed it on my new PC. But some parts are still broken.

I've lost everything: my career, my team, my family, my life...

...because of that hacker ... Omicron.

He damaged my system so I can't even defend myself from any kind of hackers...

He didn't destroyed me ... he mutilated me ... fucking sadist.

Oh I will find him and make things right ... but I must remember what I am fighting for. I am now on the other side of the criminal world. 

Should I try to reason with it and achieve revenge any means necessary? Or I still remember what justice is and will remain dignity?

In any way, I am using nickname Vortex now, and looking for a way to get tools and get to Omicron.

I should start my search on local hacker board, most of the time only kids hang out there, but there always will be bullies from higher league.

Before I proceed with some kind of plan, I have to resotre my hacking potential.

I should start here "34.12.21.38"


---Mission 7 (Branch)---
--Cypher--
-Diary-

I managed to find an entry point into their systems

My map is now restored, but...
What to do next?

Now if I think of it, I am still not capable of finding Omicron alone

I need to gain trust from that group, NightHawks
So I can use their connections and abilities to find a solid lead on Omicron
I must integrate

But how?

I still can complete the job and ruin a life of an innocent man
Or I have to do something else...

I could try to make NightHawks to notice me directly
But only if their agent that is supervising me right now will fuck up

I must find out how to get him out of my way
So it would look like if he made a mistake

I remember that on one of the MemDumps he mentioned cops and experiments on their response...
But to make this work I have to find his PC, not proxy, archive or gateway
The only thing I can think of is to try to find his tracks on servers where he operated somehow lately...

What should I do?
...

---Diaries in the end of the Mission---
--Bad path--
What have I done?
	
This guy was just a good policeman doing his job: catching scumbags like this one

And now me and some low-life arms dealer destroyed his career, his life
Same thing happened to me, and I know how it feels...

This man is either going to revenge, or give up and die in society's contempt

It wasn't my fault...
It's just circumstances that made me do it

But I never stop thinking that there was another way, that I didn't think of or didn't find

At least I can proceed
I wish there would be no more sacrifices I have to make to achieve my goal

I am just feeling lost,
There is a reason I became a cop:
I want to help people, not to hurt them

And something inside me is just eating away at me for what I've done just now

I must redeem this sacrifice and prove to myself that it wasn't for nothing
I can use this new group of hackers to finally have some progress with my search
They need me, and I must use it to find Omicron
This is what I need...

They gave me access
I have to play my cards right...

--Scum path--
It had to be done...

They won't believe me otherwise
I had to do it...

Now I remember all those moments of woking undercover
You sacrifice something to achieve justice in the end

But I can't see any justice in my actions that I did just now...

They will let me in now
But I paid a price: a good person's life

Was it really worth it?
Wasn't there another way?

These questions will be in my head for a long time
But I have to continue my vengence

After I get to Omicron
Only then I can find peace in my soul...

Now, I have to join NightHawks 
And put on my pokerface...

--Good path--
It worked

It was a pure gamble
But worked

There could be a possibility that NightHawks will think of me as a traitor
But if I act properly, I may integrate

They won't find my logs, because they can't see them
And this guy was conducting some experiments on how police reacts to netcfgx.dll uploads
This should work as my alibi

Not bad results so far:
Criminal scumbag is being arrested
Innocent man is unharmed
I got access to the group (Still may be a trap)

But what do I have to loose?

Time to put my mask on
It is showtime...

--Bad path (Repulse)--
What have I done?
	
Javis was one of my best operatives

He is a hero that helped people of San-Francisco to enjoy safer digital space
And in the end I am making his life even worse

Now he will live in society's contempt like some fucking junkie that he never was
Because of me...

It wasn't my fault...
It's just circumstances that made me do it

But I never stop thinking that there was another way, that I didn't think of or didn't find

At least I can proceed
I wish there would be no more sacrifices I have to make to achieve my goal

I am just feeling lost,
There is a reason I became a cop:
I want to help people, not to hurt them

And something inside me is just eating away at me for what I've done just now

I must redeem this sacrifice and prove to myself that it wasn't for nothing
I can use this new group of hackers to finally have some progress with my search
They need me, and I must use it to find Omicron
This is what I need...

They gave me access
I have to play my cards right...

--Scum path (Repulse)--
It had to be done...

They won't believe me otherwise
I had to do it...

Now I remember all those moments of woking undercover
You sacrifice something to achieve justice in the end

But I can't see any justice in my actions that I did just now...

I sacrificed one of my best operatives who done nothing wrong
Just to achieve vengeance
What I am turning into? ...

They will let me in now
But I paid a price: a good person's life

Was it really worth it?
Wasn't there another way?

These questions will be in my head for a long time
But I have to continue my vengence

After I get to Omicron
Only then I can find peace in my soul...

Now, I have to join NightHawks 
And put on my pokerface...

--Good path (Repulse)--
It worked

It was a pure gamble
But worked

There could be a possibility that NightHawks will think of me as a traitor
But if I act properly, I may integrate

They won't find my logs, because they can't see them
And this guy was conducting some experiments on how police reacts to netcfgx.dll uploads
This should work as my alibi

Not bad results so far:
I closed the case of Repulse
One of mine best operetives is unharmed
I got access to the group (Still may be a trap)

But what do I have to loose?

Thoughts about saving a person who wasn't just my subordinate, but my friend
Are motivating more than anything else

Time to put my mask on
It is showtime...


---Contract 1---
--Data Manipulation--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:

Hello agent, I have a request of a delicate type. I need to knockout my business competitors, colliding them with sudden tax inspection. I need you to plant a certain report with some "non-stated expenses" on the company's bookkeeping server, It is supposed to be in 11_19 folder.

You can find Fin-Rep.accdb file on your organisation's Crossroads Server, I have an IP of their HR Department, from there you can explore their system.

GOALS:

1) PLACE Fin-Rep.accdb on FJR-Insurance company's bookkeeping server in 11_19 folder and reply this E-Mail


---Contract 2---
--Denigration--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:

Greetings, I am Oswaldo, blackmail is my purpose of life and main line of work. I have a trouble with one polititian, name is J.J. Broadster, and I have some juicy photos of him and 19-y/o Kati, practising some BDSM, usual stuff I get on guys like him. Nobody will see these photos if he resign from his counselor post.

Thing is, he think it is not a big problem for him and nobody would care about that. But hey, everybody loves some sex scandals, but definitely not female victims. So if I can't directly influence him, I need you to show Kati what can in theory make her a star of the academy. Place my photos on her PC (Link will be provided), You can find them on your organisation's Crossroads Server. Maybe she can motivate him better.

And in the process, I need some fresh material that I can use. Get inside his PC as well and get anything personal and preferably dirty, then drop it on my Drop Server that I will provide.

GOALS:

1) UPLOAD dirty photos on Kati's PC (Place them in /home folder)
2) UPLOAD all personal data of Broadster to Oswaldo's Drop Server
3) REPLY to this E-Mail after everything is done


---Contract 3---
--Police Investigation--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:

Hello fellow agent, we are having trouble with the CyberPolice. One of their detectives is really pushy and ruining our business, we need to put him out of the game but apperantly we can't find any logs despite that there is some outside activity on our servers.

We will link one of our gateways, hope you will find anything there.

	PERSONAL NOTES:
This is someone from my PD!
Of course the first thought is to make contact

But how?

And who is exactly investigating this case?

I made a quick note that will attract attention to my persona
Despite that it will ruin my entire cover
But I must take this chance

If it is someone of my subordinates, they will understand
And hopefully won't give me out

GOALS:
1) FIND a mysterious detective and make contact (Upload a contact note that is located on your PC /home folder to that detective's PC /home folder)


---Contract 4---
--Foul Mouths--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:

Hello agent, did you ever been annoyed by disrespectful mass media that is doing nothing but plotting controversy? Yeah I know, fuck'em, they talked shit about me spending my parents' money on whole cocaine batch for myself, but in fact that was for my hoes, they need some action while we play at my penthouse.

Anyway, I want you to shut down that stupid news channel, and on the way ruin their infrastructire as well, like hit their mainframe like in good ol' Hollywood, I don't know, you are the hackster after all.

GOALS:

1) DISRUPT news channel server, so it won't show any articles (clear /MsgBoard folder)
2) DESTROY mainframe of the news company (clear /sys folder)
3) REPLY to this E-Mail after everything is done


---Contract 5---
--Data Extraction--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:

Agent, this is a huge money matter. We have been compromised and a group of hackers intercepted our transaction and wired our money to other bank account. The bank name is Union Gold, and they replied on our matter, that they will figure it out in a week, but my partners can't wait for so long.

I want you to get inside that banking system and find a 16-digit number of a bank account where recently were dropped 11.6 million dollars. Original account is JNS33ID4-1523LAVF.

GOALS:

1) REPLY this E-Mail with a 16-digit number of the target bank account (Example: XXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXX)


---Mission 9---
--Operation Venomous Snake--
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:
	
This operation requires a skill to infiltrate inside of a well-organized security system that use encryption.


Jenkins - manage all tools we may need, including DECSuite, client provided it on a DECSuite Deploy Server

Slayer - make sure that nobody will interfere in our operation

Vortex - research and find a way to connect to the most secured units. There will be 5 of them (instructions are on DECSuite Deploy Server)

Deladello - social engineering as usual, find all possible cracks and leaks that medical staff left

Prophet - I need you to help me to create a mass upload of our ransomware

Collect your decryption tool at the attached server
Good luck
	-M


GOAL:
UPLOAD ransomware to /sys folder of any life support unit you can find (5 in total)

--Branch--
-Diary-
I made it to the client's PC

I can try to manipulate his data to prevent that terrorist attack
But in that case NightHawks won't get any attention, Omicron won't be interested

Isn't it a disgusting thought, that I even consider to justify murder of nearly 60 people?...

I need help from Clara
She can analyze netcfgx.dll of that guy and find evidence of a terrorist attack preparation
And now I know for sure that Omicron is alive and ready to make another assault. Clara should know about that

I need to send her Malber's netcfgx.dll and a copy of HaHaTrap.bat for analysis
I can simply place them in her workstation's /home folder

Unless I'll finish the job...

That would help me to confront Omicron directly
But at what cost?...

-Response-
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:
	
I've made a quick scan
Go back to our IRC


---Mission 10---
-?-
THIS E-MAIL IS TRANSMITTING FROM THE EXTERNAL INBOX:
	
What is that?
Go to the IRC


---Bad Ending---
--Cypher--
-Diary-
This is it

Finally I can get to him and extract all I need to find him

Though I lost everything I've got
Only one thing is left
Is to kill that motherfucker...

For Clara
For justice
For myself...

That OSequencer.exe is key to find his true battlestation
And it will redirect me to it
I just have to get in before he reacts

GOAL:
ACTIVATE OSequencer.exe and extract netcfgx.dll of Omicron's PC

--Cypher--
-Diary-
Shit, fuck, FUUUCK

That cunt made Clara outlaw as well!

For fuck sake, I am so tired of this bullshit with sacrificing
Why me? Why the FUCK IT SHOULD BE ME???

What did I wrong in my entire life to deserve this, huh?

I will remember that fucking day it all began
Downloading a shitty drug evidence
It would be fucking better if I didn't touch it at all!

I have nothing to lose now
That motherfucker will die in agony and burn in hell
I will make sure of it...

I have his location
I just need to decipher it properly

NightHawks will help
I gave them tools
Now they need to pay me back

--Cypher--
-Diary-
Shit, fuck, FUUUCK

That cunt made Clara outlaw as well!

For fuck sake, I am so tired of this bullshit with sacrificing
Why me? Why the FUCK IT SHOULD BE ME???

What did I wrong in my entire life to deserve this, huh?

I remember that fucking day it all began
Downloading a shitty drug evidence
It would be fucking better if I didn't touch it at all!

I have nothing to lose now
That motherfucker will die in agony and burn in hell
I will make sure of it...

I have his location
I just need to decipher it properly

NightHawks blocked me from the chat
But I can still connect to the Hub
I need to delete runtime.dll from /sys folder
That way I can reset all restrictions on their server


---Vengeance Ending---
--Cypher--
-Diary-
Got it!
Finally got it!

That location file is a key to finally kill that motherfucker!
Slayer has connections
And once we will get all details
Then I can kill Omicron

I need to make sure it will be bloody as possible
Fucker must suffer...

NightHawks should help
They are power drunk
And easily manipulated now
I have to use it in my advantage

Should go back to the IRC...


---Neutral Ending---
--Cypher--
-Diary-
Fuck, fuck, fuck
I lost him!

Yeah, I saved Clara 
But what the fuck is the point of all this then?

I chased Omicron 
Just to lose him right in the end?
That's not fair...

I really hope that Clara will be grateful for my actions
And will help me too
I just saved her ass after all...

We need to destroy Omicron somehow
Maybe he left some tracks on Clara's network

I need to reset her channel if I want to contact her through it
Just have to delete active.log in /IRC folder
That will attract her attention
And activate the channel

--Cypher--
-Diary-
Fuck, fuck, fuck
I lost him!

At least I saved Calra
Maybe that is even more important

But I can lose Omicron as well
I need help

I really hope that Clara will be grateful for my actions
And will help me too
I just saved her after all...

We need to destroy Omicron somehow
Maybe he left some tracks on Clara's network

I should go to our IRC
(I need to reset her channel if I want to contact her through it
Just have to delete active.log in /IRC folder
That will attract her attention
And activate the channel)


---Good Ending---
--Cypher--
-Diary-
That was way too close for Clara

I can't endanger her anymore
Just thinking that she can go through the same hell as me is frightening me

We must do something to ensure our safety
Maybe even drop the case for a few months
It is not even a two-man job after all

He can easily kill us or make monsters out of us
This is his game and we should stop playing it

I should go to our IRC



NODES AND THEIR CONTENTS
---Intro---

--Hacknet_OS Internal Inbox--
EnTech - Internal Inbox
This Inbox is part of your system

You can make any kind of logs or diary records here for future reference

It is also connected to your external Inbox: Vort_Moz@jmail.com

Other Hacknet_OS users can contact you through external Inbox 

You can always access Internal Inbox using your Hacknet_OS username with empty password

--San-Francisco Authority's Mail service--
-EnTech - Congratulations and Pro tips-
On behalf of the EnTech company, thank you for upgrading your Police Department security systems to our High-End solutions!
	
You now working under Hacknet_OS system and protected by EnSec security protocols, that can protect you from any kind of attack.
	
Because of the risk of high damage, use Hacknet_OS attack functions ONLY as an extreme measure to get access to criminal's computer systems. DON'T USE IT WITHOUT PERMISSION ON ANY NODES THAT ARE NOT CLASSIFIED AS CRIMINAL ELEMENT!
	
Hacknet_OS has trace-averting protective systems, so when you try to access a node with trace systems, a timer would start. If it expires, your workstation would crush and you would have to try again. If trace-averting systems would fail, a special sequence if IP-change procedure would start, allowing you to stay hidden from criminal's protective systems, but also you would lose access to your whitelisted servers, like you Police Depatment digital infrastructure. Contact your security assistant in that case.

	PRO TIPS:
	
1)To track criminals, first things first, see logs of the attacked node. Any machine would leave a disconnect log that can't be deleted, so DON'T CLEAR LOGS, they are essential part of most cases. 

And don't worry about passive trace, with new Police-exclusive security add-on your workstation will leave logs, which are only visible to other workstations with the same add-on, making them invisible to the criminal.

2)Also you have to know, that most of the mobile devices have a sync with computers that can be accessed with an eOS scanner, which is universal. Admin passwords were also changed from "alpine" to "Alpine".

3)Your digital security assistant would notify you when you will get your attack tools. When you will get them, you can access them in /bin folder of your workstation.
	
And again, thank you for choosing EnTech company,
Have a very safe and productive day
	
			-Emily, Sales Department Manager
			
-Clara - Wake up, there are a lot of criminals to catch!-
Captain, I think you really should NOT try to not sleep more than a few days!

You overslept again, I finished the IRC debuging, so you can pay off to me with some fine coffee :-)

We are very grateful for your devotion to the cybercrime fighting, but you HAVE to rest time to time.

	
Anyway, team is ready for some action for today and waiting just for you!

You have to download the token file from our asset server (90.91.183.142), access with "Cypher" login and password "CyberCap"
	

Once done, simmply click the IRC Chat button, it will be located in top-right corner.

	
Let's kick some cyber-ass!
	
	-C
---Mission 1---
	
--Presentation Laptop--
-Presentation_Text.docx-
Finally everybody is ready to see our next step in smartphone evolution - DICK 12 Pro, ladies and gentlemen!

Our best quality and customer service will help you to finally get what you really deserve - style, comfort and neverending joy from our new DICK model!

DICK 12 Pro will be your universal device, as for multichannel phone calling, and even your own film studio in your pocket!

Now, let's see what are the specs of the new DICK:

#BINARY#

--ExTeRmiN@t0R's Battlestation--
-I Wll Show Them.txt-
Hell Yeah, Brendon thought he made a prank of the year? Well I am making a prank of the century, bitches!

Can't wait when he will see for a presentation for some DICK 12 Pro XD

Still have to come up with explanation to my Mom why her 8 grand dollars dissapeard for some script pack...

--Digital Wind--
-Glory for Communism!-
How 
can't 
you 
see 
the 
obvious 
- 
you 
are 
manipulated 
by 
a 
capitalist 
pigs 
that 
want 
only 
one 
thing, 
and 
that 
is 
to 
use 
you 
and 
leave 
you 
with 
NOTHING!

-Death to the Capitalism!-
We 
will 
not 
let 
dirty 
capitalists 
to 
exploit 
our 
nation 
for 
a 
sake 
of
wellness 
of 
20 
people, 
that 
rule 
this 
country!

-Time to Unite!-
Raise 
against 
your 
oppressors, 
use 
your 
technological 
skills 
to 
fight 
back, 
just 
like 
me! 
WE 
WILL 
WIN 
THEM 
OVER!

---Mission 2/3---

--Daedra's Gateway--
-Reminder-
Dynamic mail server IP-updater changing IP every week 

This week's IP is "43.58.94.100"

--Dynamic--
-Repulse - Done with the filedrop-
Hey man, I've done the filedrop server, so clients can pick up their shit there.

So I guess we will drop a Med file there when we gonna get it. I'll send info later.

I hope you have a plan, because I can't crack all the ports ;(

 -Rep
 
-Repulse - Re:Re:Done with the filedrop-
Sweet, so I am waiting for your reply in the IRC tomorrow!

 -Rep
-----------------
I've got the Med Port cracker, so no worries, I will get it tommorow.

 -D
 
-Repulse - Re:In Case of Emergency-
Sure, no probs man!
-----------------
Dan, could you please back up my personal PC? I cannot trust anyone except you in that mission.

Here is the IP for my homebase "60.192.249.36"

And make sure that netcfgx file is retranslating properly!

P.S. Access through 12.111.65.135

-MailBot - Access Change-
Your active proxy has been shut down due to a technical difficulties.

Saving logs on Gateway 82.139.222.48

-Spam - BIG DICK IN 2 DAYS-
Ever wanted to REALLY please a dame? Use our special pills "Horse Power"

Contact info: *REMOVED BY SPAM-BOT*

---Mission 4---

--Repulse's Gateway--
-REPORT.log-
[08:45 PM] Computer files has been deleted successfully! Remember to restart computer to clear Memory cache from any dumps!

--
IP successfully changed to 91.36.194.224

---Mission 5---

--Muskat's Battlestation--
-Fluffy's Call.txt-
He want to ask something really important and set up an email server (126.111.65.59). Must be some heavy shit on his mind.

--Super_Fluffy's Battlestation--
-Omicron-
Got IP of the Omicron guy (59.103.6.188), can't get in, he is protected by something marvolous. He is definitely playing an act with his sloppiness!

--Omicron's Relay--
-Report_for_the_Boss.docx-
Traffic details:

New Mexico shipment stashed at the West warehouse. Contains:

Methamphetamine - 50 kilos
Heroin - 80 kilos
Cocaine - 87 kilos
Ecstasy - 7k pills
Tranquilizers - 20k pills
Mephedrone - 25 kilos

Distributors have to load out the product is 2 days,
Access is through our digital channels 

Money-wiring account for Supplyer is GKSNV2854L-KSSEGI375GA

Meantime, I will find a way to hide our moles in the Drug Enforcement Administration, as well as our men in the CyberPolice Departments
 
		-O
		
--Proxy Node ZF25--
-SYNC_SUCCESS.log-
UPDATE PROCEDURE SUCCESS: DELETING SYNC FILES FROM THIS PROXY
 
 IMPORTANT: reboot that machine for cache cleaning, there could be memory dumps!
 
-Dump-
Access Data reconfigured, sending report to "81.20.119.244"
		
			UPDATE PROCEDURE SUCCESS: 
			DELETING SYNC FILES FROM PROXY
			RELOCATING BUFFER CACHE 
			
		SUCCESS: EndOfTheReport
		
Access Data reconfigured, sending report to "55.128.35.25"
		
			UPDATE PROCEDURE SUCCESS: 
			DELETING SYNC FILES FROM PROXY
			RELOCATING BUFFER CACHE 
			
		SUCCESS: EndOfTheReport
		
--Team Rioba's HackStation--
-logs-
Establishing connection of users: Muskat, Super_Flufy, Omicron to *ADRESS DELETED*
 
 CONNECTION SUCCESS
	TRACE EVADING PROGRAM ACTIVATED
	PORTHACK EXECUTED
	FORKBOMB EXECUTED
DISCONNECTION SUCCESS

--Team Rioba's HackStation--
-RELAY.log-
CommandTrack sequence engaged: saving relay info for IRCHost

-logs-
Establishing connection of users: Muskat, Super_Flufy, Omicron to *ADRESS DELETED*
 
 CONNECTION SUCCESS
	TRACE EVADING PROGRAM ACTIVATED
	PORTHACK EXECUTED
	ERROR OF FORKBOMB EXECUTION
DISCONNECTION UNSAFE! LOGS MAY HAVE BEEN LEFT!!!
SENDING INFO TO THE IRCHost on "83.201.110.70"

--Team Rioba's IRC--
Super_Fluffy: What happened? I am receiving unsafe disconnect warnings
Omicron: I tried to forkbomb it but that node started a reboot
Muskat: I think we are safe, our proxy and relay infrastructure are well hidden
Super_Fluffy: Next time be more careful, that was kinda stupid
Super_Fluffy: Don't put us in risk, man
Omicron: I am really sorry guys. At least I brought you that job in the first place
Super_Fluffy: Thank you for that of course, and for SSL stuff
Super_Fluffy: Just don't fuck up like that next time
Omicron: Sure thing!
Muskat: I am gonna play PointClicker to relax a bit
Omicron: I want too! Remind me, where it is located?
Muskat: Here you go man: 73.254.28.94
Muskat: But I think I will tweak my points a little bit ;)
Super_Fluffy: Don't forget to wipe the logs then
Muskat: Oh come on, who is gonna search there for me?
Super_Fluffy: You never know who is listening
Muskat: Well cops don't play that for sure
Super_Fluffy: Just be careful

--Blank Mail Server--
-Trust Issues-
I really don't trust that Omicron guy. How is this possible that this sloppy guy invented SSL Trojan crack? It just doesn't feel right. He can play tricks on us, watch your back!

No, I am not paranoid, call me in Distort when you finish that stupid clicking game

  -Fluff
  
---Mission 6---

--/h/ Hacker Board--
-Thread 1-
------------------------------------------
#Speech
>ATTENTION EVERYONE

Welcome to our humble criminal community of cool hackers!

If you are cool hacker - then you are cool!
People around here practice their hacker activity
You can join our community if you found this MsgBoard

1 SINGLE RULE : BE COOL
------------------------------------------
#Duck
Is this some Script Kiddie shitty joke that I don't get?
------------------------------------------
O MA GAD, IT IS DUCK MAN!
------------------------------------------
UUUU Y0u r n0t c00l d@k, g0nn@ h@k Ur @$$
------------------------------------------
#Duck
Jesus fucking Christ, your retarded children community made my fucking day XD
------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

-Thread 2-
#Mod
If anyone want to prove me that he got some balls, try to hack my uber cool dual-port security system, I paid 10 grand and my old man won't even find out about it

YAAAAA Hack Da Warld
>149.183.107.65
------------------------------------------
Wow man, where did you get that stuff?
------------------------------------------
#Mod
Can't get in? EXACTLY!
Told ya I am gonna be some Cyber G@ngsta
------------------------------------------
#Circle
My god, what an embarrassment...
I'll pay to anyone who is going to 
>wipe his /sys folder 
And make him cry
------------------------------------------
How much paying?
------------------------------------------
#Circle
Definitely not you kid:
1) You have no security system whatsoever, I can gain access through 1 open port;
2) You got only ssh cracker;
3) You are stupid kid named Jeffry Babinski, 12 yo, worst grades, a disappointment to your parents.
Do I have to continue if I found all that information in 1 minute?
------------------------------------------
What the fuck man? Delete that shit or I gonna tell the cops
------------------------------------------
#Circle
>84.172.98.106
Here is Jeff's IP, please spam his PC with unfunny memes
------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

-Thread 3-
Can someone tell me how to hack? I got something called FTPBounce and can't figure out how to use it
------------------------------------------
Oh it is simple, can you give me your IP, I will set it up for you so you can be cool hacker
------------------------------------------
Wow that is so nice of you, sure thing, it is 126.156.236.82
------------------------------------------
Hmm yes, I see the problem, you have to activate it, you can do that with ActivateMortar.exe tool
------------------------------------------
What is it? I don't have that and never heard of it
------------------------------------------
Oh, I can help, but you have to open your ports for me, so I can use my ActivateMortar.exe
See any guide online for that
------------------------------------------
Ok, I think I got it
------------------------------------------
Yeah, sleep tight stupid kid, say goodbye to your personal data
------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

-Thread 4-
#Mod
Oh my fucking god, who done that?
WHO THE FUCK DONE THAT?

My computer stopped working and I have to borrow my mom's laptop to write this warning:

You, asshole!
I am talking to you
If you are a guy I gonna bust your nuts
And if you are a girl then I will rip of you fucking tits
I HATE YOU
PIECE OF SHIT
MY HOMEWORK WERE THERE
I WASTED THREE WEEKS FOR THAT MOTHERFUCKING LAB PROJECT
BURN IN HELL, TOXIC SON OF A BITCH
------------------------------------------
#Circle
>YEEEES
That is what I want to see: a crybaby moderator of a hacking board, who complains about being hacked
------------------------------------------
#Mod
It was you stupid circle jerk who started this shit!
------------------------------------------
#Circle
Nah, it was you who started showing of your own IP publicly and claiming to have some tight security
Basically beg everyone to get inside
------------------------------------------
#Mod
That's it, gonna ban your circle ass
------------------------------------------
#Circle
You won't, I am moderator as well already
------------------------------------------
#Circle
To the person, who made me laugh for a minute straight
>Thank you!
Please accept this little gift, I hope you don't have it already
>212.42.92.36
------------------------------------------

*POST DELETED*

------------------------------------------

-Thread 5-
#Circle
I have a business proposition to the guy, who wastes his time on trolling kids for my amusement

If you want to work on something interesting together, go here:
>120.138.80.110

If you have everything you need, you will be able to get inside
I hope I am not mistaken in you
------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

---Mission 7---

--Edward's PC--
-IRC Memo.txt-
Address of surgical sector chat is 211.74.214.49

--Adrian's PC--
-List.txt-
1) Have to find new place to live, parents kicking me out
2) Need to find some money, will try to loan from Phil
3) Must send emails about my situation and ask for help (Sync_from_eOS: @62.35.253.222 Inbox:Adrian3409@jmail.com Password:NancyAndAdrian2020)
4) Pray

--JMail--
-Nancy - IDIOT!-
If you think I will go out with someone so stupid as you, that would prove you're even more stupid then I thought

Consider we never knew each other, farewell

-Westbrook University - Exclusion Procedure-
Dear Adrian Baker,

You have been expelled from the Westbrook University for extremely poor academic performance and multiple disciplinary warnings.

You may get official document about your exclusion procedure at the University's Document Archive (82.52.249.229).

Despite the fact of your exclusion, we hope you will solve all your problems and we are more than happy if you try to re-instate your position in the next acadamic year.

We hope to see you again and we wish you all the best,
    
	-Sharon Hamphrey, Westbrook University's communication sector
	
--Sutter Medical Center, surgical sector's IRC--
-Surgical Sector-
Robert Gallard: Another day, another life saved
Abigail Nelson: Yep, I gotta rest a bit, haven't slept for 3 days already
Anthony Walker (MOD): Well, I still have to figure out that security problem
Vanessa Lewis: Ironic that I can handle professional medical equipment but can't get along with simple PCs
Edward Davidson: What security problem?
Anthony Walker (MOD): Ah, annoying thing, tech guys from one medical company think our Cyber Security is weak because recently hacker groups assaulted a few medical servers
Abigail Nelson: Sounds like a big problem
Anthony Walker (MOD): Maybe, so I am working on finding a way to eliminate that vulnerability
Vanessa Lewis: Best of luck!

--Kellis BioTech's Security Archive 267--
-Memo.txt-
This is a prototype of a medical services port breaker, DO NOT SEND THIS COPY TO UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS

--Anthony's PC--
-Kellis Report.docx-
(CONFIDENTIAL: DO NOT SHARE THIS WITH ANYONE)

Report from Kellis BioTech, Security Chief Logan Derrick:

Recently we discovered that one of our security protocols for medical servicies (Special port Num. 104) has a critical vulnerability that allows you to break that port, using overflow of self-cyciling comands.

Your email adress was assigned as a Security Administrator of a California Medical Facility, and therefore, this security problem involves you as well.

You can analyze port-breaker tool and find a way to resolve the problem. You can download a prototype here: 48.189.248.31

(CONFIDENTIAL: DO NOT SHARE THIS WITH ANYONE)

--Westbrook University's Sport Center--
-Report.txt-
This kid, Charles, kicked voleyball ball again

Next time I am gonna kick his head

--Westbrook University's Federal Systems Relation Center--
-Important.txt-
This computer is connected to the International Academic Database (California State access).

Access is permitted to admins of this computer.

You have to use password "ScienceIsPower" to enter admin mode on the Database.

When you finished changing entries, don't forget to log out properly.

All unauthorized access episodes will be considered as a crime and will be punished using Federal Law.

--NightHawks' Side Station--
-Note.txt-
This server is NightHawks' side station in case of any emergency

It is also used for covert operations on mobile devices (work in progress)

Server is using dynamic IP script, so all members should flag this server to prevent loosing its address

-Vortex-
He is a new potential member, weak for now, but has an interesting ability to cover his logs automatically and we can't trace him, and so our potential enemies

I baited him with the NetMap fixer that I made just for him
without second part of it, NetMap is still inoperable 

It is located on one of my archives (58.141.177.25)
If anyone from the group is against letting him in, simply delete fixer file from linked machine, you all know how to pass

--NightHawks' Gateway--
-Hello.txt-
Go fuck yourself and get out of here :-)

-eOs 1-
Need more unfunny memes to troll kids

-eOs 2-
I can see you

Baka

--Proxy Node GH5--
-Reconfiguring_Tool_Status.txt-
DYNAMIC IP SCRIPT IS ENABLED

REMAPPING THIRD VALUE:
	
	57
	
---Mission 8---

--James-Jonathan's PC--
-Plans.docx-
Dear Kati! There is a small changes in our romantic plans, we have to go to another place this weekend, and don't worry, uncle James found a new 5-star hotel just outside the city.

Meanwhile, look at the new poses that I found for hot threesome, so I am expecting you with your best friend Jane, if of course you want that sweet apartment on New-Lane Ave. ;)

-Notes.docx-
Previous places are compromised, I told David to find and reserve hotels with more intensive "Privacy" policy, going to visit Marsh Hotel this weekend while Debra and kids are on the vacation

--Diamond Breeze--
-A New Demonstration Of Activists Is Outside Oakland Police Department-
The ongoing story of a Craig Birds, ex-lieutenant of Oakland PD, who is been accused of multiple cases of power abuse, made a 180 degrees turn! Mr. Birds has been released from courthouse this afternoon with all charges lifted.

Activists demand to reopen this case and they are more than certain that judge Mays is another 'pocket change' of Mr. Birds alleged power-abusing system.

Meanwhile, crime activity of all kinds has been increasing in Oakland lately, making it one of the unsafest cities of California State.

	-George Miller, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-A Son of a Billionaire is Spending Huge Pile of Money on Cocaine and Gets Away With It-
Michael Rosemond, a son of a well-known construction business billionaire Frederick Rosemond, was detained yesterday by a patrolman of LAPD James Grant. Young man was showing off to a different women he was meeting along the street that he is carrying 12 kilograms of a white powder, which later was confirmed to be a high-grade cocaine.

Despite the obvious evidence of a Michael's guilt, he was released this morning with all charges lifted, because it turns out, that lab expertize was faulty and young man was carrying a simple sugar and was portraying it as a narcotic.

Local active-citizen groups are signing a petition to review Rosemond Jr. last activity and his behaviour. They believe that "This golden boy is lost all kind of control and thinks that he is a God himself".

Further notice is expecting.

	-Dan Sharp, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-Deflation Is In Progress-
Minister of Economy Morgan Shellard stated that economical state of USA is drastically improved since last year. He assures all of the american people that our country is regaining economical power way beyond imagination and every citizen of all big cities can afford anything they ever wanted.

Multiple independent economists are thinking that statement is oversaturated with inaccuracy and very hyperbolized. More importantly is that deflation has a negative side as well and everyone should prepare for unforseen consequences of speeches like that.

	-Harold Shrader, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-BREAKING NEWS: Allan Turner Found Dead-
Allan Turner, recently fired from Sacramento PD, has been found dead in Alaboro motel. Apparently it is a suicide.

This man was a renowed detective of a Sacramento PD, and just recently was fired because of no prove of his qulification or certifiacate of a Police Service Admission, which apparently he masterly faked.

There was also quite a scandle with his personal life, as it appears he infected his wife with HIV and Syphilis after a couple nights with prostitutes.

Sacramento PD could not handle such controversial person and fired Allan which led to a severe depression. Apparently, it is a main motive of a suicide.

Further notice is expected.

	-Dan Sharp, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-BREAKING NEWS: Javis Williamson Found Dead-
Javis Williamson, recently detained detective of a San-Francisco CyberPolice Department, has been found dead in his cell. Apparently it is a suicide.

Mr. Williamson was alleged partner of a Cypher Mendes, a captain of the same PD, who is now on the Wanted list for organizing digital platform of a drug trafficking.

But due to a lack of evidence, charges were lifted from Mr. Williamson, but all these events affected him and led to a depression. "I knew this man for most of my life and I would never believe that he was a part of something horrible like that. All these events ruined my world perspective and all these accusations of being a part of this as well are driving me insane!" says Mr. Williamson.

He was perscripted with soft-type narcotics to ease depression effects, but anonymous source revealed that he sold them in order to get heroin. After that, Mr. Williamson was detained.

It was a surprise for whole PD that all his qualification data is missing, while Mr. Williamson could not explain any of it. All this events apparently gave Mr. Williamson too much pressure he could not possibly handle and committed suicide right in the cell.

Further notice is expected.

	-Dan Sharp, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-Daniel Morales (a.k.a Repulse) Detained-
Daniel Morales, also known as a hacker Repulse, has been apprehended.

Police was after him for a 2 months after he and his partner, Robert Dockins a.k.a Daedra, attacked San-Francisco Medical Archive.

Detective Bows, who is responsible for that operation, says that he got an anonymous tip from unknown individual through one of the Police digital gateways. The true source of information remains hidden.

Further notice is expected.

	-Dan Sharp, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
-BREAKING NEWS: Henry Evans (a.k.a Jester) Detained-
Henry Evans, also known as a hacker Jester, has been apprehended.

Police was interested in him after he was paroled for good behaviour from his gun selling sentence. It turns out, he didn't just resumed his criminal activity, but even expanded his arms business, and he is also found guilty of a first degree murder.

Detective Isaac, who is responsible for that operation, says that he got an anonymous tip from unknown individual through one of the Police digital gateways. The true source of information remains hidden.

Further notice is expected.

	-Dan Sharp, Diamond Breeze Reporter
	
--Gossip Archive--
-To_Jane.txt-
Give back my toilet paper!
Or else, next article will be about you, fucking nit!

---Mission 9---

--DECSuite Deploy Server--
-Entry_Points_2.dec-
Here are 3 Entry Points: West Wing, Kellis BioTech, Medical Archive. They contain 5 life support units

222.176.165.116
160.173.170.74
202.210.23.133

--Kellis BioTech, Equipment Managing--
-Details.txt-
Export Details:
Los-Angeles: 250 pacemakers, 45 life support units
San-Francisco: 200 pacemakers, 25 life support units
Sacramento: 150 pacemakers, 60 life support units

Other regional locations are archived on other location-based servers

--NLH Hospital, Kellis BioTech Additional Server--
-Important.txt-
Simon, Kellis BioThech Inc. provided an additional life support unit, I emailed Dr. Evans (Nigtoren) about it, he will set it up. You should ask all details from him

--Proxy Server Z30--
-Note.txt-
Nigel, please, make sure this encryption software is working properly, we had a bug with addressing server, it is in locked mode now

--NLH Hospital, Side Server--
-Reminder.txt-
All patients should have a digital Med File in order to use all computer equipment properly. All Med Files are stored in appropriate database (102.36.38.173)

--Side Medical Archive--
-Mrs._Jane_Dotry.txt-
We've got a new patient, severe state, she requares a life support unit ASAP

Made a note in her Med File (look for Jane Dotry)

--NLH Hospital, Internal Mailing--
-Kellis BT - LS-Machine has been shipped-
Greetings Dr. Evans, an additional life support unit has arrived to Never Loose Hope Hospital, we hope our contribution in support of your new medical policy would make us great partners in future business.

	Stay healthy,
	Mary - Delivery Sector
	
-Simon - Re:Re:LS Unit-
Thank you Dr. Evans!
---------------
It is 176.0.9.163, keep it confidential!
---------------
Hello Dr. Evans, it is Simon from pulmonary ward. Thank you for giving us a life support unit, we couldn't be more grateful! But we also need an external IP to connect it to our comuter systems. Could you please tell me?

--Leaking IRC--
Leak_agent_56: You've reached LEAK, what piece of data do you want?
Malber: I need DECSuite
Leak_agent_56: That will cost you 25k
Malber: Money isn't an issue
Leak_agent_56: Wire them here VFEJIO38-OSV04HUF, it is a one hour account, so hurry up or no deal
Malber: Done
Leak_agent_56: Where do you want your order to be dropped?
Malber: Right here
Leak_agent_56: Dropped, after your download, files will be deleted. Nice having business with you. LEAK out!

--LEAK--
-To_Mike.txt-
Do you have a fucking ape brain or what? What synapse of your mind thought that it was a good idea to forward a confidential access data through moderate-protected front-end server? I am deleting this shit and if that will happen again, your sick mom won't get her treatment funds next month

-NOTE.txt-
This is a front-end server of the LEAK. Assets DataBase is located on the linked server

--Mike's PC--
-IRC_09.log-
//[09:21]/Mike/And most funniest thing I ever saw is how our admin managed his access data XD//
//[09:21]/Dalvin/How?)//
//[09:22]/Mike/He is using his jmail for passwords restoring and it is so dumb to name that mail account "LEAK_ADMIN". Like, come on man, it is just so stupid, and then they blame me for different fuck ups, sheesh//
//[09:23]/Dalvin/jmail is joojle.jmail.com[@Hacknet_OS_Scan:62.35.253.222], right?//
//[09:23]/Mike/Yeah. And on top of all that, he LITERALLY sets his password to be a reversed username!//
//[09:23]/Mike/Like, people could simply "lockpick" his email account and just enter "admin+NewPassword" into database's login and that't it!//
//[09:24]/Dalvin/I think you shouldn't say that anywhere, even here//
//[09:24]/Mike/Big Bro listening and all that? I don't know, I have a nice security but you right, who knows...//

---NH Crossroads (Jester)---
-GOALS.txt-
Target: Allan Turner

1) SEND Allan's Med File to the RAPTOR@jmail.com (Gain access to the medical archive and search for his entry)
2) WIPE OFF Allan's degrees (Gain access to the academical archive and search for his entry)

-Details.txt (Medical_part)-
I know an address of the server but you can't get in that simply, they have a special port Num. 104, and obviously nobody left admin's password for you.

You have to find either a password, either a port breaker. All I could find is a PC of one doctor. These folks work with that archive regularly, you'll most probably find some entry point there, use some social engeniering.

Archive: 102.36.38.173
Doctor: 221.214.78.150

-Details.txt (Academical_part)-
This one gets tricky, because I have no fucking idea where to look.

Actually, there is one lead, though might sound weird. I know a guy who know a guy who got kicked out off the university recently. Luckily, it is the same one Allan finished, and it is connected to the International Academic Database. Gain access through that dropout kid, he supposed to contact university staff

Lead:178.184.180.189

-Oath.txt-
I am acknowledging next rules and will obey them:

I will always evolve and try to become stronger and powerful in all life's aspects

Morality is a codex of weak people to make everyone equally weak as well, and if that stands on my way of getting more powerful, I will ignore it

There is no mercy to the weak people, because they could stay strong, but preferred opposite, and as honorable agent of fate, I swear to utilize such individuals as tools or react to them as a trash

If I have a choice between weakness and death, death is the only way, because I will die strong and independent, and won't live a miserable life as a slave

-Memo.txt-
Attention to NightHawks!

This set of memory-sensitive software is used to extract dumps from all kind of machines. Use this to get a piece of data and analyze it, so it can be restored after deletion procedure

-PD list-
This is a part of a list of Police Departments of California State

Be careful and remember their addresses, so you can identify them properly if you found them in any logs:

-Dump 1-
IRC DUMP HAVE BEEN RELOCATED HERE DUE TO PROXY INSTABILITY
				
Maverick: Did you investigate those police servers?
				
Jester: Yes, they are being renovated by EnTech I presume, 
they have fancy whitelists and other extreme security measures
				
Maverick: We could profit from their Asset servers
				
Jester: They are unreachable, at least for now
				
Jester: Also, you should tell everyone to be careful, 
there was a nasty story recently, involving some of these PD servers
				
Maverick: Speak
				
Jester: All listed servers, except Santa-Rosa are renovated, 
I think it is a matter of time when Santa-Rosa gonna join EnTech's "Enrichment Program"
				
Jester: Meaning Santa-Rosa is still vulnerable 
And they don't have new scanning systems as well
				
Maverick: So they are outsiders for now?
				
Jester: I wouldn't say it that way, we made a little test last month 
and we dropped dirty netcfgx.dll from a test machine
				
Jester: They seem to retransmit it to somewhere else
				
Jester: Thing is, cops arrived in a 52 minutes
				
Maverick: Ah shit, here we go again
				
Jester: As long as we staying away from them, I don't think they'll locate us
				
Maverick: I'll ring some bells to find out what we can do about it, 
maybe we should disrupt their transmitter
				
Maverick: As for now, we are going dark...
				
			END OF IRC DUMP
			
-Dump 2-
IRC DUMP HAVE BEEN RELOCATED HERE DUE TO PROXY INSTABILITY
			
Jester: Jenkins, I fucking tired of it, 
When you will learn how to use a fucking erase-script properly?
I am tired of sending your tools over and over again after your unsuccesful experiments
				
Jester: Here is your fucking WebWorm
				
Jester: !ATTACHMENT:link#%#Archive Node#%#212.42.92.36
				
			END OF IRC DUMP
			
---NH Crossroads (Repulse)---
-GOALS.txt-
Target: Javis Williamson

1) SEND Javis' Med File to the RAPTOR@jmail.com (Gain access to the medical archive and search for his entry)
2) WIPE OFF Javis' degrees (Gain access to the academical archive and search for his entry)

-Details.txt (Medical_part)-
I know an address of the server but you can't get in that simply, they have a special port Num. 104, and obviously nobody left admin's password for you.

You have to find either a password, either a port breaker. All I could find is a PC of one doctor from other city. These folks work with these archives regularly, you'll most probably find some entry point there, use some social engeniering.

Archive: 182.172.94.94
Doctor: 221.214.78.150

-Details.txt (Academical_part)-
I don't have a direct link to the archive but I know where you possibly could get it

I know a guy who know a guy who got kicked out off the university recently. Luckily, all universities are connected to the International Academic Database, you can gain access from their systems

The excluded kid must have some kind of a clue how to get inside university's systems

Dropout kid:178.184.180.189

---Bossfight---
--FUCK YOU--
-Source here!.txt-
Nah, you are just dumb!

--GO FUCK YOURSELF--
-SourceSourceSource.txt-
8======D
Suck it

--PATHETIC LEECH--
-Source_Fragment.txt-
3=174

--LITTLE BITCH--
-Source_Fragment.txt-
4=159

--GO HOME AND CRY--
-Omicron's IP.txt-
666.420.FUCK.YOU

--QUIT ALREADY--
-Source.txt-
EMPTY

--PIECE OF SHIT--
-Source_Fragment.txt-
1=204

--SMASH YOUR HEAD--
-Address.txt-
Look at the name of the server => Execute

--DUMB FUCKER--
-Source_Fragment.txt-
2=63

--EAT SHIT--
-Secret.txt-
PINAS



OTHER

-Operation Dragon Lord-
Some people are very interested in internal details of Lao Zhin's arms business, client requiring all trafficking intel

Jenkins - Need to prepare appropriate tools
Slayer - Covering tracks and witness disposal


-Communication-
Make contact with Shuriken Alliance and convince them to help us


-Operation Dragon Lord-
Final Stage Execution


-Resting-
--DO NOT DISTURB--


-Personal Matter-
--DO NOT DISTURB--


-Assist In Search Mission-
Join Deladello and Prophet